 

Speaker A: Here is to open interpretation. As long as one link of the node is identified or linked to a woman or linked to you specifically, then all your actions are open for scrutiny and abuse. And also in my personal network, I work, or I've been around people who work in the posh space. And this also brings the conversation to light that workspaces, especially more digitally focused workspaces, are becoming more and more dangerous for women. And this is why I wanted to have the discussion today about that. And also, I'm Shalini for everybody who didn't get that, and if everyone can introduce just their names, that would be great as well.

Speaker B: Hi everyone, I'm Snehal. I'm a software developer and I'm very interested in this topic as a whole, because obviously being a women in tech and just in general the idea of this thing, I really wanted to know about human enhancement. And just like this thing where we're all posting pictures on social media and that's like the first way of communication. So how are we going to, where is the line? What are we supposed to not put online? What are we supposed to put online? And do we choose the apps we should be on? Because essentially with Apple, or if they're saying there's privacy, but there's really nothing, everybody's hearing you, everybody's doing everything. 

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker B: I'm Snehan.

Speaker D: Sneha. I'm Sudha. I work for an NGO. I'm also doing my phd in women's studies from Tata Institute of Social Sciences. And I was interviewing human traffic office, and that was my work area for six years. And I've been part of the posh committee and I've dealt with poxo cases, multiple issues, safety and security issues. That is one part of my interest in choosing this topic. Other one is my interest of how can we build an equitable future, right? A safe, inclusive and equitable future. Regarding the points that you both mentioned, once we are online, I believe that there is nothing called private. Every information. I've been to a conference where a cybersecurity professional, she demonstrated how unknowingly your phone recording, phone records, anything and everything, right? It's an open portal and there is nothing called security. I mean, it's our imagination if you think that what we can put out or put now, everything is there, right? But how do we safeguard from that? The information is online. How do we protect ourselves. We heard lot of anecdotes about children as young as three being abused online from remote countries itself. So that's a very scary thing that I feel. How does that impact the mental health? How will the next generation be growing? That's my biggest worry. So with the advent of AI, definitely there might come a stage where we don't have to work for your livelihood, right? That's what Elon Musk said with the interview with Rishi Sunak a month ago. So you don't have to work, but what will the generation do? What will the youth do? There'll be a lot of corruption. And how should the moral framework work? Is there anything called moral framework? How can we build a peaceful society, a happy, peaceful society?  

Speaker A: What about you, Karthik?
 

Speaker C: Yeah, my name is Karthik. I basically come from a finance background. So I have a proprietary investment firm called Ventures. I became fairly wealthy. I come from a lower middle class background and I became fairly wealthy in a very short period of time. I graduated from Im Bangalore, ten years ago. And one of the things that I realized is because I was very lucky to be born in the right family. I was an upper caste male born in a tamil Brahmin family. So I had a lot of opportunities which. So there might be a dalit girl in Bihar today who might be smarter than me, who might be hardworking, more enterprising than me, and essentially, she would never have the kind of opportunity I had in my life. So I somehow felt that that's quite unfair. I don't know why it bothers me so much, but it does bother me. So I have a foundation called Sakhi foundation, which helps mentor and guide and motivate and help girls dream and ensure that they are supported in their education. And that's from the underprivileged listing. So what I see in our society, I mean, in general, but it gets accentuated, I guess, in India, because I am an indian, there are a lot of biases that exist in the society. It could be caste bias, it could be class bias. And gender bias is huge. So one of the things I feel is that the more things get automated and the more you have machines taking decision, it could work both ways. I understand that biases and the fault lines could be deepened and it gets worse. But I am very, for example, access to capital, right? Because I come from a capital thing. So when I look at women entrepreneurs, they don't get funding. If I look at women, grassroots level women, they don't even have an account. Even if they have an account, there's an issue for them to go to the branch and take their own money out. Right. So one has seen those kind of sort of discrimination or gap. So my thing is, if we could automate everything and it makes it easier, I think, digital banking. I'm very excited by that concept. Now we are trying to get as many women into the digital banking system as much as possible, and we think that could be a great level, or at least now she has some money, which could give her some agency. So I'm very excited by those ideas. In terms of privacy and what, I'm so sorry to categorize this. For me, it's a first world problem. 
Speaker A: Next level of, for me, it's all about.
Speaker C: Exactly in terms of very fundamental needs of these women, the health. She doesn't have an access to doctors.