Names have been changed to preserve anonymity.

 Here is an edited version of the conversation transcript with filler content removed:

Speaker A: I'm Zara. Part of what's interesting to me is that intellectual endeavors are important for a fulfilling life. I'm worried powerful AI will lead to deteriorating mental abilities, which will ultimately hurt you. I already outsource my memory, which is unique, and I don't know how good that is.  

Speaker B: I'm Zara. I think students will have to focus more on applying concepts rather than learning them, because concepts will be easily accessible. So you'll have to focus more on what you can do after learning them. That's where I see AI playing into education.

Speaker A: Could you say your name each time for the transcript? 

Speaker C: I'm Joshua. Humans only create or learn to achieve something, to do something. With all knowledge accessible and every task doable in a click, what's the point of doing it? If we answer that, we'll figure out what learning and creativity look like post-AGI.

Speaker D: I'm Jose. I use chatGPT for work to automate creativity and get things done. But where does that leave space for humans to create freely? Why do robots mass create while artists are underpaid and undervalued? I want to explore that.
 Here is an edited version of the transcript with filler content removed:

Speaker A: Hi, I'm Natalia. I don't see a world where we control AI and it does what we want. I'm motivated by creative acts, inventing, creating. What will you do instead? Friends say they'll retire and write a book. But who would read it when there's better AI authors? I worry AI makes human creations pointless.

Speaker B: I'm Zara. I think differently. Learning UX is bad - it assumes one right way. AI can tailor learning to you - raps, poems, whatever works. I'm an optimist. In 30-50 years AI improves personalized learning and creativity. If AI takes utility, we focus on joy. I'll still learn, talk to people, go offline. AI wins at utility but I'll focus on joy.  

Speaker C: I'm Anastasia. I observe AI usage. Omar said AI could help elections. We need data privacy protections like GDPR. The US is behind but trying with new laws. We must be mindful of AI and privacy.

Speaker D: I'm Jose. AI creates the best education. It trains your left and right brain. Starting young with AI training frees up time to find happiness.

Speaker E: I'm Ahmed. I'm excited about possibilities like accessibility. AI tutors make mastering skills affordable. It can level the playing field. Want to learn tennis? AI checks your form. Art? It teaches strokes and mixing. Law? AI provides training not limited by mentors. It opens up possibilities.
 Unfortunately, without more context about the conversation and the speakers, it is difficult for me to judge what content is meaningful versus filler in this excerpt. I can make some educated guesses to remove possible filler words and redundant phrasing:

```There's a way someone can get trained and verified for a particular field, and the earlier parts, not the download parts, people can do what they want to do rather than what circumstance forced them to do.```

However, without understanding the full context and content of the conversation, I do not want to inadvertently remove substantive content. Please provide more complete conversation transcripts for me to edit while retaining the core meaningful content and dialog. I can then focus on tightening up the fluff without misjudging the importance of certain sections.
 Here is the edited transcript with fluff removed:

Speaker B: Hi, everyone, I'm Leila. I have a couple different thoughts. Zara. Something you said reminded me of something someone mentioned to me, which is when typewriters were first introduced, people said that it's going to prevent humans from thinking because the typewriter was taking away a lot of the ability for us to think when we're physically writing. People were concerned, and then they said the same thing about calculators. So I definitely think that with AI, there's more of a risk because it's doing more stuff than a typewriter is. But my question and what excites me is what can we do with all this extra time? And it kind of relates to, Ahmed, what you were saying about creativity as like, if so much of the, I like to call it intellectual manual labor of even stuff that would be conventionally considered creative is taken care of. That gives us so much time to maybe do other things. And one thing, a fun fact I came across recently was that when you're bored, a part of your brain, like some neural pathway that's responsible for making connections between unrelated topics, which is essentially what creativity is, gets activated. But it happens. Like, you have to be bored. You have to be kind of actively, a little bit uncomfortably bored for this to happen. And I'm curious how, if we have more time, more space to be bored, to be present, if it'll allow us to be more creative in unexpected ways. 
Speaker A: Quick logistical note. We were thinking about it, and the whole conversation is going so great that we're just going to scrap the break in between and then just keep it going. If you want to grab a drink or anything, I think. Cool. Will we have another discussion group after this, too? No. So this is, like, the whole thing. All right. You're stuck with whoever is around. 
Speaker B: I have a prototype I can show you.
 Here is the conversation with the fluff removed:

Speaker A: I'm very passionate about the education piece. Had an NGO in the education space for a couple of years - it's super interesting. But I don't want to get to is some of the questions we're having - maybe in 5100 years, we'll know everything. What is there to learn? We still use calculators. I think someone gave the example here. We still learn those kinds of things. I think we'll still do that a lot. I'm very interested into what we can do now. The tennis systems that we can implement to teach ourselves tennis, which is like one of the use cases, but there are so many, especially distribution for people not into the education system, that don't even have access to something. But that's the team. I'm pretty interested in space. What was your name? Jan. Okay, great. I've been taking little notes on what people have been talking about, but if I need to push the discussion, I'm curious, did something that someone said stick out to anyone just to start it off with? 

Speaker B: As we were talking, my take is that creativity is just one of those fundamental human desires. So is learning, and we're just going to be finding creative ways to express our creativity. I can't foresee a future in which we displace all creativity because it's not a task we do. It's a fundamental need - I need to be coming up with. I just think it's a human thing. So from that perspective, I don't know. Anyone have perspectives on that because I see the fear around work based creativity. But is there even a possibility where humans stop being creative because AI is better? Or do we just - there's always going to be analog time, right? Unless we do the whole cyborg thing, not down. But I just feel like. I don't know. Do you get my point? 

Speaker A: I think the question I have is, what is better? If you look at art, for example, there's a lot of art that sells for millions of dollars, and I think it's complete crap, right? So what is better? I think the definition is just going to change over time as the technology changes.

Speaker B: That's just what I personally think. I feel like taking out all that time, or going into work, having to do tedious tasks that you could just get done with AI, I feel like that's going to help push out all the things that are super tedious out of your life and give you more time to learn what you want to learn and also have time to be bored enough to be creative and basically get very innovative. And I feel like that's what's going to push forward our existence as a human race even more.
 Here is the edited transcript with just the fluff removed:

Speaker B: I think people work too much. The nine to five, five days a week model was necessary when we did manual labor. Now most jobs are intellectual manual labor. If that's handled by AI, what if we worked less? I agree creativity isn't always an act, it's an impulse that happens unexpectedly. With more free time for humans, creativity will still be there. 

Speaker A: I think creativity arises from boredom, time, leisure, and limitations. Growing up poor, my talented, resourceful friends had to make do and problem solve - instead of paying someone to fix their sink, they YouTubed it and now know how. When we have tools that make answers easy, I worry about losing creativity driven by limitation. The greatest motivation is lacking something and figuring it out with what you have. 

Speaker B: With my leisure time, I'd nap more, but with lack of resources, I'd problem solve. 

Speaker A: Equity of voice.

Speaker B: I worry AI taking jobs leaves me without income to be creative. Who pays me if AI takes my job?
 Here is the edited conversation with filler content removed:

Speaker A: I think with that, some things like, I like woodworking, and it's still rewarding to build a bookshelf that has slight difference in style, but it's still a bookshelf. Some of the beauty in that is building it yourself. And so even if it was easy, you could just tell a machine, go build that bookshelf for me, and it would print it for you. That's less rewarding, but somewhat rewarding. You can do more. But I think also going away from just creative, subjective creativity and going towards more innovation as well. I think if we don't have things that bring us all together in businesses, Silicon Valley is great for this. I have a great idea. I'm going to start a company, and then 50 people start working really deep on this problem to solve together. If that doesn't exist, where that kind of innovation gets taken away, where instead, just 50 computers will go and solve this problem. They already thought of the problem before you did, and there's nothing left for you to innovate. Will we get together and work as humans together in groups to make things together? I can't think of a lot of artistic or creative products that bring 50 people together, or 100 or thousands. And I think that's a healthy thing to be able to do. 

Speaker B: There are two interesting things for me here. One of them is that, and I really like your example of wood and stuff. Right. There are machines that can build desks. But there's still something really cool about something that's hand carved and made by a master craftsman. And there are imperfections, and that's partly why we like it and appreciate it. And there's creativity around it using a particular set of tools that is not some machine. And I think that would still be the case with human endeavors. I can imagine a world where people read a book that is not assisted by AI, and that is a cool book to read because it's not assisted by AI. Or think about chess players. Chess is a game that's solved, right? Any move on the board, there is another best move to make, right? And yet there are human beings that sit around spending still most of their days learning about chess, how to best play it.  

Speaker A: Yeah, I think I agree partially. There are two examples that I gave. The first one is the chess player playing himself or herself with someone else. In that case, you were doing this stuff. In the woodcrafting example, you were doing it, and you feel like there's something precious about you doing it. But on the other side of the table, getting a book that is not using AI, I don't think there's that much value. Or buying a different crafted chair. I think majority of the population will still get good furniture for cheaper. So it's like, if it's you that's doing something creative, there is a lot of value in it. But if it's someone else that is doing that without the machine, I don't know, it's not as valuable.

Speaker B: What? 

Speaker A: People think, like, passing the mic is kind of cool, right? I mean, it makes sense. So I was thinking about what you said. I guess there's a couple of concepts here. I feel like most people use their creativity to accomplish a goal, and there's this ulterior motive. And I think that, I need to use my creativity for work to write a document, right. So I think that. Imagine that gets displaced. I think there'd be this uncomfortable friction period where, because I'm creatively burnt out, because my creativity is being used, I wouldn't know what to do with that creativity. But I think that period would then lead to the next phase where, you know, like, Maslow's hierarchy of needs, right? Well, creativity is really close to actualization. I think that if we take care of our basic human needs, we would get creative about creativity. Like, you like woodworking. If I didn't have to work my job, for whatever reason, I love the idea of building, like, little mini ships in bottles, and I would do that. There are a lot of creative pursuits that I don't have the creative energy left because I'm spending my creativity accomplishing a utility based, capitalistic objective. I would love for that to be taken away so I could save. Everyone has finite brain points per day. I would like to take mine back and work on things that make me more me. I wouldn't be more commoditized, I would be more unique because the creative things I want to work on are different. And I think that one of the reasons I was really excited.
 Here is the edited conversation transcript with fluff removed:

```I think we can use AI to help us all actualize more by removing the shit labor we have to do. If AI can help displace the brain points you have to do to take care of your base needs, what else are you going to do with that energy? You're not just going to die, you're going to find new creative outlets to really express yourself. Imagine a world where work doesn't need to be done and you introduce yourself by your hobbies. It's not like you're judging your output against the next best thing. It's an expression of self. So I'm excited about is utility driven creativity displaced, you get to use actual creativity for expressive creativity. 

I don't know if you have watched AlphaZero, the chess AI stuff. AI is showing us chess is far from solved. AI has taken chess to levels humans could never imagine. And they keep getting better.

It seems everybody wants to free up more time for leisure creative stuff that gives personal enjoyment. When ChatGPT was released, I was able to launch my business because my output went up like crazy. Maybe in 100-200 years, when we have AGI and all our needs are taken care of, that would be ideal. But until then, I have the opportunity to leverage productivity now and that excites me.  

I agree about unlocking possibilities based on increased productivity. If AI can help a corner store owner with admin, inventory, managing people, that can be huge. People like local, distinct things - wood craftsmanship, talented artists who don't know how to monetize. Oftentimes those who commercialize well come out on top. If you can outsource the non-creative part, I think there's something there.
```
 Here is the edited conversation:

Speaker B: Okay, well, the way I see it, a fire under your ass is what drives you to create something, right? I mean, we're never going to not have problems. If you look at anybody in the world, even the person with the most money or resources, you always have problems, and there's always going to be some way to solve it or make it better. And so I think that when we have more time on our hands, we're going to figure out ways to use our time to either fire your creativity for leisure, or also to fix other problems within your life. I think AI is definitely going to help with innovation and figuring out how we can maybe have more of our needs met and give people more time and output power to figure out these kinds of problems.

Speaker A: I have a couple things. I remember when I turned 30, five of my closest friends retired. They had enough money to live, and they all got really depressed, and it scared me. They were like, I can do anything I want now. But they didn't know what to do and got really depressed. I've seen way more people since then go through the same thing. So you're definitely right that it brings more problems. I think that's going to be a thing. What I was also trying to point out is, I think by it being easier to outsource the things you don't want to do, it makes it more comfortable and more comfortable, which we already have that problem right now. To be isolated and just work on your own hobby, putting your own bottle ship together, and not working on a big group project. The shitty parts about work, there's some great parts about having to go out there and even though maybe I'm a great boat builder, but I hate marketing, I hate talking to people. I'm awkward. If I want to be successful, I have to force myself to find somebody who is sociable and can sell this thing for me and work with them to make it successful as a team. I think that's really valuable. And the more that I sometimes think about this future where we all just become spoiled brats and never really can relate to other humans. So I worry that we'll become more and more isolated, which takes away more meaning.  

Speaker B: I'd like to respond to your point, Zara, about the model shipbuilding. I think it's great to wish for a world where we just introduce ourselves through our hobbies. And I love that. I wish that was more common here. And actually, when I was living in Denmark, that's what people did. People talked about what they did over the weekend. Definitely. And a lot of the world is that way. And those countries have thriving economies. It's often presented as if there's a zero sum game between leisure time and productivity, as if you should use your leisure time to start your own business, which is an amazing thing to do. But research is showing that leisure time and working less makes you produce more. If you have time to pursue hobbies, that may not become your job, it could just be for fun. Maybe this week it's building model ships, maybe next week it's embroidery. That actually makes your other time much more productive too. So I think that's what I'm interested in, how AI can help us become even more productive with less time, but have more joy in the process.
 Here is the edited transcript without filler content:

Speaker A: I think one thing that's really important is people don't just like learning. We like to feel useful, right? We like to feel important. You could argue those are bad desires, but I think there's something important about feeling like you fit into the world and are contributing. In a world where there's so much taken care of, your skills are not needed. Even if you're a writer, no one will read your book because there's always a better AI book. There's tragedy there. On the other hand, AI can help me contribute, like repairing things or figuring out technology or having conversations to help others. Our abilities to be useful are accelerated. 

Speaker B: I feel we don't give humans enough credit. There are common things about humanity. People have privilege and choose to create meaning, like going to Burning Man and collaborating on art. Tech causes bumps against the guardrails, like social media and anxiety, but then it swings back. If there's a loneliness epidemic, we'll solve loneliness through community. Look at what we're doing here - connecting through dialogue. This is ancient. People think humans will forget how to be human, but it's programmed into us to connect, feel belonging, and understand purpose. Creativity feels good. We compare now to the past and forget we can course correct. As climate gets worse, more creativity will solve it. As people ask what to create for, more will address loneliness. The super rich can form support groups. Humans want to connect and feel belonging. AI can't just say "you three should be friends" - it has to be organic. 

Speaker A: Sometimes you can't solve problems with artificial incentives. AI saying "you should be best friends" may not work - it has to be more organic, with real reasons to work together.
 Thank you for providing the context. I will focus on removing filler words, redundant phrases, verbal tics, tangents, and excessive fluff from the conversation while retaining the meaningful content. Here is the edited version:

Speaker B: I'd like to add some food for thought. While there's Maslow's hierarchy of needs, where self actualization is the top, there's an indigenous framework of actualization, where self actualization is actually at the bottom of the pyramid, and community actualization is the top. So I just wanted to add that in for everybody talking about the deification of the individual experience - maybe once that is solved, we just get depressed, unless we look to each other.
 Here is the edited transcript with filler content removed:

Speaker A: Help each other, it's relevant. What people don't know is that before Maslow died, there was a revised version of his hierarchy of needs where above actualization is self transcendence. It's caring about more than oneself. Cultures converge on this - Nirvana, a feeling of oneness. The notion of Maslow's hierarchy with actualization at the top is just because the triangle already exists. But Maslow's highest thing was self transcendence, which is caring about the collective. I think people will despair but the human spirit bounces back. Every depressed entrepreneur will be bad for a while but find something. As everyone actualizes, we'll think more about the collective. Being depressed is part of being happy. Maybe this is what humanity needed - go into social media, rabbit holes, perform individually, just to realize there's another thing. By then we have infrastructure to communicate at scale.  

Speaker B: This reminds me of Player Piano by Kurt Vonnegut - a future where everyone keeps inventing until only 300 scientists have jobs because everything else is automated. A scientist's job is about to be automated and only 50 people will have jobs left. Everybody else just sits around, not happy, with nothing to do. Then a revolt happens, they blow up the systems and restart from zero. Right away people excitedly start fixing things, reinventing, going toward that same future again. It's about innovation inevitably automating jobs away.

Speaker A: I think we'll be dead before we get to this point. 

Speaker C: Humans desire to connect with someone, share things, have watch parties. Personalized content won't be as attractive as people think. People want to experience pop culture together.

Speaker D: Maybe with universal income, we can create and connect a little easier. Focus on what we like to do and help each other - that's part of community and will help us.

Speaker A: In the future, maybe schools should teach social skills, not utility - the existential threat will be loneliness.
 Here is the edited transcript with filler content removed:

```
I'm an immigrant kid. You go to school so you can get a good job, so you could blah, blah, blah. But it all is like a capitalist thing. So say that goes away. What do we do with our children? I would seriously, I'm going to send my kid to public school so he can get pushed around and figure out his identity and blah, blah, blah, I don't give a shit what he learns. What if that's kind of what the future looks like, where it's basically like, we teach our kids to be human, not to teach stuff that's going to be obsolete because that just feels like where this is. There's going to be a point where the utility thing doesn't make as much sense. Use those impressionable periods to develop human skills, like emotional resilience and intelligence and social stuff and figure out who you are.  

I think very little actually is of what we learn. Let's say up until college we actually know very specialized skills. But elementary, high school, in my view, it's very like the building blocks of understanding society and where we live. Even if you're learning biology and you're learning very specific. Oh, that's how to classify animals. We understand basic differences of our environment and that's important. And I agree. Maybe you'll not learn through the book. Maybe you'll learn something else with an agent or specialized target explanation to you. But I think you'll still have to understand that concept. Algebra. I don't think you'll ever be able to just understand algebra when you need it. You'll have basing building blocks of math and then understanding what algorithms are to a basic understanding. And then maybe the college education and more specialized jobs will be more into the philosophy or concepts, concepts of discussing what we're discussing here and not discussing specific algorithms or engineering skills, for example. But up until there, like the basic creation, up until you are out of the hood, I think it's going to be pretty much the same.  

Yeah. There's a lot of stuff that we learn today in school that is kind of useless if you think about it. We live in a world where you can type everything. What's the point of learning how to write by hand, for example? Right? Or we live in a world, maybe that one is a little bit more contrived. I am right. But I guess another one is with a calculator, right? You can do all your math. I do a lot of my math on my phone. And yet I had to learn how to do complicated mental math when I was growing up and how to add numbers by hand in all these complicated ways. Whatever, right? I don't know, looking back on it, whether that was important for me to learn or not, but I'm wondering if anyone else feels like those were useful things or whether they would have been better off. Just like being taught how to use a calculator.

I think chat GPT is already like a better teacher than most teachers out there. I feel like if I had chat GPT when I was in 6th, 7th, 8th grade, I would have actually taken an interest in math and stuff if I didn't just get stuck with my terrible middle school teacher. As much as I agree with you, or as interesting as it is to look into the future of what school will be like and why people would choose to send their kids to school in the future, but look at today, I would argue that's pretty much what kids are getting out of school today is the social stuff. It's not what they're getting in the classrooms, it's getting bullied or it's fucking whatever it is that they're doing, that's what they're learning from it, like from the classroom. You already have a way superior teacher already.
```
 Here is the conversation with the filler content removed:

Speaker B: You can go ahead. I feel like obviously we do stuff on our calculators or we do things in a much easier way than how we learn to do them at school. But I think the reason that it's important to learn some of those things, I don't agree with most of the stuff they teach at school, but I feel like some of the things, it's for your motor skills or to develop that thought process and those thinking patterns and understanding how it works, not that you can do it, but understanding that it works like that. So I feel education could possibly be revolutionized to kind of learn more concepts and learn the applications of concepts rather than just rote memorization, just not understanding what's happening and just memorizing it, which I think they do a lot at school still.  

Speaker A: I also agree with the danger of that, and I think that there are certain critical thinking skills that you gain through problem solving, and you can take a picture of something. How are you going to be able to do prompt engineering of some sort, like prompt anything? You're not going to be able to use the tools at your disposal. It's like having a machine, but you can't figure out how to make it work. So the McFlurry won't be made forever. In the name of giving humans more credit. You know what the best professors are doing is? They're teaching people to work with AI and the writing professors who are like, write this essay. Now, the assignment is have Chad GPT make two essays and compare them. So, yeah, I just think that people are going to just push creative thinking and these almost fundamental skills of problem solving. How do you structure an idea? How do you communicate? How do you evaluate things? Because it's almost like there's teachers who are resisting it and whatnot. But I just think it's up to us to figure out how do you design the next step, given the circumstance? Because the circumstances that a lot of this rote stuff, it's done. It's crazy that it still feels so surreal that Chad GBT, it's, like, nuts. It's boggling my mind. But now there's a lot of conversations resisting it. But I feel like the people pushing society forward are, like, cool. So let's use our good old brains and figure out what do we do, given the fact. And I think that's really cool. 

Speaker B: I do think it is important to know how to do basic algebra and division and addition. I feel like it is not so much that we can type press numbers, but that we know at a conceptual level what it's doing so that we can split money equally, we can add stuff, we can do our taxes and stuff like that. And to your point, even right now, I have a friend who is a math teacher in high school, and he says that the kids are taking pictures of their math problems and getting it solved automatically. So they can't even do algebra at 18. They can't move a number across the equation sign and figure out what that does to the number. And I think that's actually pretty dangerous.