Names have been changed to preserve anonymity.

 

Speaker A: This is a topic that really interests me because I feel like I'm turkish. I grew up up in Turkey, which is very socially enmeshed, really close relationship, sometimes to a very frustrating degree. And then I moved to Miami, and I lived in Miami for ten years, and I had amazing relationships there. I had a try that still feels like family to me. It's like really strong bonds that we had. And then I moved to San Francisco. It's been ten years, and I feel like it's a completely barren land in terms of building these kind of relationships. So that made me pay attention to the environmental effects, the structures that we live in, or the values. What makes this difference? Why is it so easy at some places to build these relationships? And why is it really hard? So that's why I also love what you do and also bringing and looking at the epidemic. And when you look at the studies, you see, like, almost 50% of all adults in the United States report loneliness. And to me, this is a huge red flag in terms of, this is a symptom of a serious societal problem. And then there's a pain point that we have here, an insert AI here. I can see how easy, fast way of sugar, trying to solve this problem and make a lot of profit off of it without really taking care of the core issues and having short term solutions. That is going to make bigger long term problems especially. I'm really worried about the new generation, young people having these AI relationships and completely lose the ability to form human relationships, which they are already struggling. Younger generation is struggling, even the older generation, we are struggling to build deeper relationships. So I'm worried for my daughter and what that's going to look like. And then what happens to humanity if we lose our ability to connect and cooperate and bond? Because I feel like that's one of the most important features of humans that made us the top animal so far. And will losing that lead to our extinction or not to that level? And in terms of the questions that I'm interested maybe discussing today, so what can we do right now to kind of shift maybe the products that are being created or the adoption of these products today, so that we are actually helping to fix the underlying issues of the loneliness epidemic rather than giving, like, shortcut things. And the shortcut solutions are going to be there because there's tremendous profits. So what are ways of creating different incentives and values on the societal levels or economic levels?

Speaker B: All right, I see a question.  

Speaker C: I don't know if you've done the research, but do you know, when the loneliness epidemic started? I'm just curious if it's because of social media or Covid or both.  

Speaker A: It was before that. Definitely there was stuff before that. And of course, pandemic made it even worse. The social media contributed. But I think this is an older problem. I cannot cite studies on top of my head, but there is even a book on loneliness. I don't remember his name. I can give you later. That was written way before the pandemic, and it's a great book to read. Joshua, maybe no european name. I think I'll find it.

Speaker B: Is there any way anybody tried to read things? Because the problem with long is that you have two things. It seems they're growing, but you cannot really say they're growing because they could be there before it was not even considered. Let's remember that being gay 50 years ago, mental health was not even considered. If you go to emerging country, like saying to somebody, I don't know, I'm depressed. I don't know, it definitely makes sense to them. So is it really like it's growing or if it just. Now we are measuring it, we are even considering it?  

Speaker A: It's a bit difficult to distinguish, I think. Good question. I think it always existed to a level, but now, when we're talking about 50% experiencing this, I think is a significant number. If half of the adults, maybe even before.  

Speaker B: I don't think so. I have to agree that it's growing, maybe even before 50%. Just people were not relating it.

Speaker A: It may be, and also, we cannot talk about it as this generalized issue everywhere in the world, even the numbers are for United States. But I think there are definitely regional differences in the experiencing of it, especially here in San Francisco, when people are away from their families and friends that they grew up with, it's a different kind of scenario where people are born and their family is there, all their friends are there. It's a different kind of scenario. But we can get into the deep end in the next session when we are right now, I just want to pass through everybody, collecting everybody's perspectives and the questions that they are interested in. Do you have anything?
 

Speaker D: I feel like I've had groups of friends where I just didn't feel any connection, like a real connection with the people who I would normally call my closest friends. And I don't think I realized that until later. Having participated in groups where the norms are actually therapeutic, because the connection is so abundant and deep. And that's actually a skill issue. And so I think that these norms can be taught. I've been trying to learn them, but it requires prerequisites that are actually really difficult to learn in San Francisco, which is a very heady, intellectual city, and I'm a heady, intellectual person. But this is also my most emotional year ever. And it's been like, I feel much better a lot, and I feel more connected. Connection is like I'm now realizing the antidote to depression. And so what I'm really interested in is building communities where these are the norms. And just by being a part of this group, you experience the antidote to depression like connection, which is really. It can be really abundant, and it's a beautiful feeling. I think the reason SF feels like there's a dearth of connection is maybe because the highest status thing to do or be is a founder. And being a founder, especially a first time founder, especially like a pre product market fit founder, is like an exercise in scarcity. You're never feeling like there's enough, you're always running behind, or there's always things that are important that there's not time to do. It's like you're cutting off parts of your health or your social life that are really important. And so people just have to prioritize themselves because there's not enough for themselves. And then that crowds out friendship, and it crowds out time for connection, and it's just like a very hard way to live. So that's my best theory.  

Speaker E: I remember on Business Insider, and there is a journalist, right, about this man, have an AI girlfriend from this company called Replica. Replica, right? I asked one of my friends, he also has an AI girlfriend in the replica AI app. And he showed me and he told me he's very comfortable to pay $89 a year or something to have a girlfriend like that. And genuinely, I was really amazed seeing how customized it can be. For example, this AI girlfriend can memorize everything you said. For example, if you like chocolate or not, what do you like, what do you dislike? And she can just change what she said to you, according to that. I just feel like I'm very amazed by it. And my friend, I don't think he's very social, but he's very enjoying the companion with this AI girlfriend. Yeah, it's just like a data points for everyone here. And as for myself, I think I also experienced this loneliness myself, I originally am from China, but here I see a lot of people, like immigrants, american born Chinese, but here I just feel culturally, I don't feel that there is maybe some disconnect. So I do think it's hard for me to find deeper connection with people. But I do think just putting ourselves out there and join all these events is very important. It's a way to build the momentum. So I think that's great. So that's why I'm here, too.  

Speaker B: I've lived in San Francisco for like, five years, and something I super struggled with was having a lot of loneliness, especially living in San Francisco during COVID is probably awful if anyone did. I had maybe a couple of people, but I didn't have really genuine connections with them. And so something I'm doing is always pushing myself, coming to these events and meeting people and something I found. A lot of people actually have the same issues. If you just talk to them, they're like, yeah, I'm looking for friends, too. And so that's something I feel like it's very common nowadays and something that I think. I don't necessarily think AI would be the best solution to it. I think maybe it can be a little bit worse because we're missing a huge organic component in something that's so digitized and fake, and you can see that on apps and stuff. So I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but that's just my opinion.
 

Speaker F: I've lived in the Bay Area for 20 years and feel like I've had the deepest, most amazing community and connections anywhere in the world here. My take on loneliness is that my background is as a PhD scientist, and my bone to pick about that is that in all my science education, I never received a single class on how to be a human. Like on human bonding. And so it was like a lot of awkward, stilted, nerdy connections based on alcohol or drugs or staying up all night or whatever. And I had a big breakthrough, thank God, where that all changed for me after I finished my postdoctoral fellowship. And I learned. I spent some time away learning empathic communication and how to have great sex and how to be in my body and all of those things. And so I. What I've seen as a sex and relationship coach is that we just don't get taught how to relate. You never get taught. It's just assumed it's supposed to be natural or you're supposed to know how, but we don't know how. And we rely on alcohol and bullshit status things and we're stuck in our heads and we're never taught to how to work with energy or how to ask for what we really need or that it's okay to have needs. And so what I'm really excited about for AI, because I work with a lot of men in tech, science, engineering, finance who also never had a single class in how to relate and are just going getting by on unconscious narratives about what they think they have to do in order to be respected as a man. Like outdated notions of masculinity. So there's that whole thing, too. And then fear around sexuality because of all of the feminist revolution and me too, and all these things anyway. And I also work with a lot of people who are on the spectrum or just really don't know how to get practice relating or don't know how to relate and have more challenges in it, and they just need practice. But sometimes it's really hard even to get themselves to an authentic relating group. Or if you have ADHD even, to remember to sign up for an online authentic relating group and actually go to it, and then it just can be overwhelming, the vulnerability that happens or the fear or the anxiety. I'm very excited to have AI as a way for people to practice relating, but specifically, I'm interested in my AI clone because she's not like a sex bot or a companion that you depend on forever. Right. She teaches you skills and then says, go out there and practice it with real humans, and then report back.
Speaker A: Right.  
Speaker F: And you eventually graduate and you end up relating more with people in the flesh instead of just like having a sex robot sex bot or whatever.
 

Speaker C: Okay. Wow. So much to rip off of here. Yeah. Jason, I loved what you were saying about being happy because you are getting more emotional, the most emotional year. So I've been getting, I would say, more in touch with my emotions and my heart, like, every year for the last ten years, I discovered. So eight years ago, I got divorced after discovering this whole new paradigm about how I was sort of in hiding. I was hiding my needs. I was trying to please other people, including my wife. And then as a result of realizing I was being a people pleaser and not being honest about my own feelings, I joined a men's group, eventually got up the courage to get divorced. But in that men's group, the biggest skill I learned is vulnerability and how connecting it is when you're able to really drop in and talk about your problems and your fears and ask for help and ask others to, can I rely on you to support me through this? And ever since then, from that small men's group, I developed connections into what I call the conscious community, which exists in the Bay Area. I grew up in San Francisco, and long before it was a hub for founders, I felt like it was a very isolating culture here. Like, I would fly back to New York for holidays and everyone, even though New York had this really awful reputation for people being mean, everyone was so much friendlier in New York, and they would make eye contact and they would chat you up and hear you get on public transit, and no one wants to look at each other, and we're all pretending like we don't see each other here. So I think there's something about San Francisco. I think maybe it's when, Ronald Reagan let all the insane people out of the mental institutions, and then no one could trust each other. Because I don't know if you're weird, I don't know if you're mentally ill trying to get something from me. So I'm just going to pretend like I'm in my little blinders on. So, yeah, there's just a lot of distrust in particular in San Francisco, I found it's actually less so in the East Bay. I think I live in Oakland. But getting back to the conscious community, that's a place where emotions are valued above thoughts, above ideas. So one of the cornerstones is going to ecstatic dance and just connecting with the music and connecting with people dancing and not saying a word and just being in the flow. And similarly, burning man is another example of a place where I feel like you can be welcomed not for your ideas, but just for your presence. And I think that's something that people really need to learn. As Jessica says, we go to school and we're taught that we're only valued for our ideas. So I also fundamentally agree that AI should not be used as a substitute for human connection, but can be used to teach people how to develop human connection.
 

Speaker B: Yeah, I totally agree that AI, I think now AI should be the solution for everything. It's not going to be the solution for the loneliness or people problem. But I think it's a tool so it can help. I have an observation - this loneliness thing, as you said, the data you have is about the US. But traveling in emerging countries, you can really see the richer the country, the more you have this loneliness problem. You see really from something like Colombia, to Italy, to US and Switzerland, you can really see how people get more and more lonely as they get richer. I believe the sense of community comes from need. The problem is that when a society becomes rich, there are less needs. So there is no reason to connect. In an environment with more needs, you create this community to survive. Now you don't need that anymore. That's what brings loneliness. I don't know what to do out of it because I cannot say, okay, let's have poorer countries, poorer society. Of course, that's not a solution, but it's very interesting that I think everybody that has been to different countries can feel it. 

Speaker G: On the record, reflecting back, I've lived in San Francisco for over a decade. San Francisco, especially the Golden Gate Bridge, has extremely high suicide rates, and the media doesn't publicize it because people will emulate. I do think loneliness has a lot to do with it. Some people contemplate, some don't. I know the city is trying to complete putting up suicide nets around the bridge. It's not fully done yet. Whatever we can do to address the lonely topic, I want to make sure we can try to move the needle. It's one thing to have a conversation here, but I'm sure there are folks feeling very lonely and isolated. I don't have a solution, but since we’re talking about it, San Francisco has a high rate, even pre-pandemic. But it's not often talked about for public health reasons and the media downplays it a lot.
 

Speaker E: I grew up in South Bay, in Palo Alto, and it had, I think, within the span of five or six years, two suicide clusters of students. I think students or former alums of the Palo Alto high schools will come back to the Caltrains and take their lives. I read this article actually on the Golden Gate Bridge suicides, where people who will be contemplating suicide will actually go there and stay there for hours, just like waiting and hoping for someone to talk to them or just ask how they are. I think it just shows that it's kind of this last grasp. We want someone to really see us and see our grief or misery and give us this deep attention and care that I don't think any technology can replicate. I'm hopeful that technology can fill in some of this gap. But I think at the end of the day, it's not like talking to a robot's not going to satisfy this deep human need, and I don't want it to. I think also on kind of San Francisco's culture, I think it's like our city is like the best, reflects the best and worst of America in that it's very individualistic. And I think there's this culture of optimizing, and I think that carries into relationships and into dating and people always striving for a better group, a better friend, a better partner. And I fear that because technology, it can be catered to our needs and our desires, and it can be like the perfect companion, we're just going to resort to that over other imperfect human beings who will let us down. I feel like sorting through the messiness of, like, we're always going to disappoint each other. And how do we bridge these divides and go through all the trials and tribulations of crafting a messy human relationship? I feel like that's the core part of life, and I worry that we're just going to lose that.
 

Speaker H: So I brought up before this nutrition analogy of AI girlfriends boyfriends being kind of the sugar, and what is the wholesome, organic alternative to that? Maybe one story on the sugar and then some ideas on the alternative. So I was at this speed dating event here in San Francisco, and there was a guy next to me, and I chatted with him, and he was like, oh, I'm just here for research purposes. And I was like, research purposes? Research for what? And he's like, oh, I run an AI girlfriend company. And I'm like, oh, like replica. And he's, no, no, much better than replica. And I was like, what's better about it? And he was like, oh, we have very explicit nudes and videos. And I was like, do you think that's a good thing for people to have? And he looked me in the eye and he was like, it's good to make me money. And I think we will always, unfortunately, have people like that because the incentives are such that people will build the sugar and make money with it, and people will get hooked on the sugar. But how about the alternative, right? What are things that maybe help people connect more? And I think it starts at the individual level, where a lot of people could benefit a lot from therapy, could benefit a lot from coaching, because they have things in their past that maybe they haven't fully addressed mentally. Historically, that's been very bottlenecked because there is a lack of therapists, a lack of coaches. It's too expensive for a lot of people. So I kind of hope that we can do things like clone yourself and scale yourself as a coach, as a therapist, which in theory, makes it more accessible to more people, makes you able to help more people, right? And you probably still want to have a human to talk to that you feel seen by, that you have a connection to. But maybe instead of just doing that once a week and having nothing in between, you do that once a week and in between have their AI avatar that helps you. Right. So it kind of starts on this individual level, and then it goes to the community level, where I think co livings are very cool, lived in a lot of them and made many great friends through them. And I think they're like a great vehicle for people when they arrive in a new place to build community. And I'm wondering, how could AI help with forming these communities and nudging people to do stuff with each other? I think a lot of people, when they move to a new city, unless they really make a conscious effort, they kind of just stay at home and live alone in a high rise where they pay a lot of rent to kind of be on their own and scroll their phone on their couch. And maybe AI, as a kind of reasoning engine, as an assistant, as a companion, can help connect us with people to do stuff in the real world and go beyond the individual part and find communities and build communities. So I hope that we can achieve that and go beyond the sugar.
 

Speaker I: Yeah. For me, some quote that I heard a while ago and resonated with me was, humans are not built for happiness or success. They're built for surviving. Right? And I think what I'm seeing culturally different. I'm also from eastern Europe, where I felt like it's actually easier to create communities. But here what I'm seeing is there's just this safetiness that everyone has approached as a culture. It's kind of like, oh, I'll be the average human. I'll talk about the topics that everyone talks about, and I'll make money with career styles and have the kinds of friends and have the kinds of dinner parties that I've seen on movies or other friends do. So I think to me, that is like one way to solve it where somehow individuality and your own personal opinion, or you saying something is wrong is more celebrated. An example I can give is that I was like going out on a date with someone, and the whole time he talked about food. And then in the end of day, he's like, second date. And I'm like, are you serious? You only talked about food? But then later he was like, oh, give me feedback, and I start explaining. And then he had so many interesting thoughts about politics and books he's reading and all of that stuff, and that never came through. And I asked why? And he said, well, if I present my real self, I'm not as successful. Right. And so I just felt like that's just one example of what people do, and that is bringing a lot of that loneliness where we're just, like, showing our bubble up front and not really what's inside. I actually think that there is a way for AI to solve it. I've been thinking about it where you can actually, in a safe way, kind of express yourself more and then show that it's okay and can you actually start expressing it outward and all of that stuff? But I don't know. I'm not a psychiatrist. It's just a thought that I've been developing.  

Speaker B: I am just germophobic, so I don't. Can we just pause it so I can speak my mind?

Speaker D: We need each other. You rely on each other. And when you don't have to rely on each other, community has to be made of something different. I wonder if there's, like, some transition that people are failing to make or that communities are failing to make. Because I've been a part of communities that. I think there's, like, two possible answers to this. I'm not really sure what I believe yet. One is communities don't need to need each other. They can just have fun together or express themselves together and feel, like, safe and being super improvisational and silly. Build our project together a little bit. 

Speaker B: Official friendship hookup culture not goes in that direction a little bit.

Speaker D: I don't know if I believe that.

Speaker B: Just having fun?

Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know if I believe that. 

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker D: I feel like you can still have a lot of love between all the members of the community, and that's real. I think I've felt superficially fun things, too, like going out to the bars on weekends, and that's not really the deep connection we're talking about. And then the other solution would be like, okay, even if you have your survival needs met. You still want to push yourself to the limits of your sort of comfort zone and then you still need each other because you're working through these difficult emotional issues where you're really pushing yourself to achieve some scaled impact. That's really difficult for you, but you need the help of your friends. It's not a survival need, but it's a different kind of need that you can meet with social support. So maybe that's a direction. That's the solution.

Speaker B: Yeah. One thing I feel like is that many relationships are really transactional. To be honest. It's not difficult to meet people. I came here to SF. There are so many events about AI. It's just crazy. But it all stays transactional. So we made, and then bye bye.  

Speaker D: We made the deeper each other again.

Speaker B: The more longer thing. That's the difficult part for the longer film to come back to my point, it happens only if you have the need. Because if you don't have a need, then you get, of course, something else happens in your life and then it becomes again, transaction.

Speaker A: I'm skeptical that.
 

Speaker E: I think the first one you brought up about, just like a community based purely on just like fun and enjoyment can be sustainable. I think there's a joke or a tweet. Someone said that therapy is just like friend prostitution. If we actually had stronger friendships, we wouldn't need therapists. I'm definitely guilty of that where I'm like, oh, there's some things like, I don't want to impose this heavy emotional burden on a friend. I'm going to save it for my therapist. And then I've had friends who've been literally very insulted that they're like, you did not come to me because you're.  

Speaker D: Like, we missed this opportunity to be closer.

Speaker E: Yeah, exactly. Like you just outsourced it to a professional. And I do feel like we do need. I think I agree with you. We do need to rely on each other. And I think it's like an incredibly scary thing, especially in this culture where it's like to admit that I need this person. If this person left my life, there would be a huge void. But I feel like that's the only way to. We have to have skin in the game, in our friendships.

Speaker A: Yeah. I think that it comes from this almost, I don't know if ignorance, but we grew up with these ideals and the individualism in the sense that doesn't even recognize that human connection as part of a need. Like, you cannot function without it. What is the idea of intuitive? You should be okay. For yourself. Economically, we achieve that for not everyone, but a lot of people achieve that status. But that's not the end of the story, right? We don't recognize it as a need in terms of our values and then the beliefs. So if you don't recognize it as a necessary need, there's a poverty of connection, right? And then it's hard to ask if.  

Speaker D: You don't recognize what is the need. 

Speaker A: That there is a need for social connection that is as important as that access to macroecious food. We are more concerned about if our food is organic or has gluten or not than a person's need for connection. I think if you're doing at a societal level, we have that value and belief system. It's hard to leave it to individuals to feel comfortable with it because it's not a recognized need. I believe in that sense, it's a.

Speaker D: Little bit hard to connect on social needs. Purely that when you don't truly, I don't know if you don't have those support conversations, I guess the depth of connection does feel less deep, right? 

Speaker A: But I feel like the difference, for example, in Turkey, and here, one of the biggest difference is people like, okay, let's say I broke up with my boyfriend, right? In Turkey. If I'm going through something like this and I'm really in pain, I feel very comfortable to bother my friends nonstop for a week. And they will be happy. If something like this happens, there's a stick, an emergency, and everybody even loves that drama. Because when that happens, they will take you out, you will drink together, you will listen to sad songs together. So there's this whole ritual going on with your friends. They were like the different friends. You are not alone living here. When I went through something like that, there was very strong social cues that you should not bother people. Do you let them know a little bit, give little bit, but more like accepted to deal like it? Then it's bothering. Like, why are you putting? And I look at the movies and the sitcoms, these messages are so over and over again, how this person is annoying. It's portrayed this person going through a problem, how they are annoying other people. So I think there is that definitely that blocks that kind of support that maybe you want and other people are willing to give, but we feel very self conscious about asking for it.

Speaker E: Did you notice a cultural difference between Miami and here?

Speaker A: Definitely. Because Miami, my friend group, was like United nations from all over the place. So they are not coming from very american, but my husband has german background, grew up, know New England, and you can tell it's completely. Except it doesn't exist. Those conversations really don't really take place. Miami, it was easy because they're from all over the world. So that is similar to turkish culture, I would say.  

Speaker B: It's very strong latin culture.

Speaker A: There is Latin. There's a lot of Europeans in my group. There are people from all over the world, literally, except for very white American is the minority in the group. So I think there's definite the values that we have. But the question is, the technology built here also have these values, and the people who are building these products are building with these values as well.

Speaker B: Right.  

Speaker A: And then also quick question.

Speaker B: Okay. The person who was helping downstairs, where did they go? Were helping us coming up, like, yeah.
 Processed Transcript:

Speaker A: My daughter, they're not part of the group. No, she's my daughter, the little one. And the other one is friend. She's going to be taking care of.
Speaker B: Okay, I'm so sorry. 
Speaker A: She was helping, helping you. She was supposed to help me just let people in.
Speaker B: But you have the friend group here then, right? So you're not alone.
Speaker A: But she is my college friend from Turkey. We went to college together at 18, and she moved here because I'm here. So I imported people, my people here because I couldn't find them here. So I had to move my friends to come help me anyway. On societal issues, like with AI specific, do you guys have any specific ideas about what can be leveraged, how it can help move the needle?
Speaker D: I have two things I can throw out there. You both know about one of them, but one of the conferences I ran introduced people based on similar interests scraped to social media, asked GPT, would these two people have a great conversation about this person's interest, which I asked. Based on this person's background, which I asked, that worked fine. Interest based connections are not that deep or hard to find or make, I think. And the other one is, it's actually hilariously easy to make a GPT that's programmed to have a certain type of conversation. Like, I made one in ten minutes by talking to Chat GPT, which is like a new created GPT feature, and it's basically got its own special prompt, which is in the background of your whole conversation, which constructs it on where to steer a conversation. And you can give it certain tools or access to memory or whatever, you can upload a document for it to keep in mind. And so you can do this to build little, like, basically deliberately practicing certain kinds of conversations. So I've got two that I like. One is, for example, practicing asking questions with no agenda. So, for example, when someone comes to you for support and you in a well meaning way, ask, well, have you seen a therapist about that? That imposes an agenda on this person, which makes them feel like, oh, I should be doing this. This person has an idea of what I should do. It's a more skillful move to ask them to bring their attention to how they're feeling about their situation or how they would feel about various options that they have brought up. And so practicing with this bot would catch that and give you feedback and give you a few ideas for different ways to answer that question. And then you try again with a different scenario. And I could imagine tools like this that there's like a dozen different conversations that you would want to have with a friend, right? Like how to help going through grief, or what to do when someone comes to you and they're feeling depressed or anxious. Right. All of these are sort of, there's best practices for how to support someone in those moments.  
Speaker A: So these are coaching you to help a friend grieving. So if she's grieving, I talk with this boss and then, okay, I have a friend that's grieving, and then they suggest me.
Speaker D: So I think you would support it by you going and reading theory about this stuff and working with the coach. But if you wanted to deliberately practice these scenarios in hypothetical settings on your own, then you could do that. And the next time that your friend comes to you, you're prepared.  
Speaker A: Okay. But to me, this is designed for ambitious San Francisco people. 
Speaker B: Totally.
Speaker A: I don't think of any of my friends outside of this town that who's going to sit down, like at homework, let me improve my skill? They don't think that way. There's no improvement.
Speaker D: And yet a lot of people read, like, self improvement books or blog posts about how to be with a friend, how to be a good, or how to be a more. Yeah, I don't know.  
Speaker A: Self it can hit and then they can use it at that point.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know. You write a blog and then you embed this little agent in the middle of your post after you've made a point about how to do this and, oh, practice it right now for five minutes. That's the thing people would do.
Speaker A: I like that. So you're saying we can shift the society in a way that if we have a lot of these resources, they can actually train us to have to be in the world and have to be with our friends.
 

Speaker D: I think we worry about communities not being needed or connections not being nourishing, or people feeling like it's hard to find someone who makes you feel seen. It's also lonely to try and make someone feel seen and fail. And I think people actually do want these skills. They just don't know how to get them like someone else brought up. There's never a course on how to be a good human. And so I think people are really craving this, and they don't know what is wise or how to do it. A lot of people are trying to tell them, trying to teach them, and, like, adding this little piece to that ecosystem of wisdom might help. People definitely want it.

Speaker B: I have to say that I think comes naturally for me. That's something that has to come naturally. The thought of somebody sitting down and try to gain. For my culture, I really can't see that as a skill. So because it's a skill, I cannot see how I can get it with a course or with a block. For me, it's something that I gave it or I have partially. Of course. It can be proved, but I get it only through, you know, reading. Some stuff can help, but I cannot see myself go to. But that's not. That works for everybody.

Speaker D: Do people buy self help books in Italy and Japan? Anything about personal psychology, or is there a therapy or coaching industry there?

Speaker B: I guess partially, but for sure less than you.

Speaker A: Yeah, not as much. And they would buy it. Maybe at the time that feels, like, relevant. Read few pages and then put it there. I don't know how many people who will actually read it with the intention of practicing. Yeah, there's a different way of looking at life, and this is a different way of operating. And this is not just turkey. Like everyone I met and I was in also, you know, very frequently, and I had made a lot of friends there. I don't even like. They are ambitious, but they're ambitious in different ways. It doesn't translate that discipline to actually working on a skill outside of an actual situation. That puts them there.

Speaker B: Yeah, I just think it's very cultural. I'll give you another example, which is a little bit different, but I think it's similar. So in the US or in North America, you do a lot of. At work, you do a lot of this shit sandwich. You know, what is it? You did this great. Then you say the real thing you want to say and then you finish with this and I read about it. For me, it's super weird personality wise. Instead, I come to you and I try to be decent, but I tell you just what I want to say. I'm not going to give you the shit sandwich. And actually my first role, my manager was from Canada, which of course I did an MBA at MIT. So for sure he learned this shit sandwich somewhere else and to me looked so fake. I was there like listening to him and say, okay, when they tell me, I mean, I don't have a problem if you tell me can improve you. And for me it was so annoying, so annoying that I had to listen to the full shit sandwich for it. Just tell me what it is. Just tell me how you think I can improve. Don't give me the full thing. 

Speaker A: This brings me to another issue that I'm really worried about, which is how do we break the tech mindset San Francisco dominance in the conversation of these issues, right? Because here they are being created like a lot of decisions are made here. And then we get together and talk like we understand this bubble, we understand our own culture, and there's not much exposure to the rest of the world. To the rest of the world. This is like group of aliens. They cannot even understand the way we live and understand. I know what, my friend, they can't understand it. It's very unrelatable for a lot of people, but it has this very unbalanced power because technology is being created there, being deployed here. A lot of important decisions are made here.
 

Speaker E: I wanted to ask for anyone here, people, you know, outside of the San Francisco bubble, how do they use AI, if at all, and what is their perspective toward it? Because sometimes I wonder for things, like, say, loneliness, where I feel like it's not a technological issue primarily. It's more, I think, society. It's like urban planning.
Speaker B: It's genetic issues. The other girl, she says, we are born to survive. We are not born to be dead. Being sad helps you survive. So if someone is going to backstab me, then I will be sad. If someone backstabs me and I'm happy I'm dead.  
Speaker A: Yeah. You mean that the pain that comes from loneliness is for helping us to survive? Because it's pushing us to bond with other people. It's painful to make us bond with.
Speaker B: Other people more, bond with other people. But the other problem is, like, who we want to bond with. That's driven by our cultural. 
Speaker A: I think he is lonely. That's why he has so many girlfriends.
Speaker B: He gets a new girl every weekend, pregnant. He has, like, 50 kids who are documented by a newspaper.  
Speaker A: Need to feel the void inside of.  I'm not sure, like, he's a womanizer as much as you think he is, but I'm sure he had multiple partners.
Speaker B: If you pause and I can tell you the other example. Okay. But I want to spend time with Taylor Swift. She's a big. 
Speaker D: How does that help you? How do you feel around Taylor Swift?
Speaker B: I don't know. I see her picture every day. She's famous.  
Speaker D: And so if you're associated with her, you feel how?
Speaker B: I feel? Very delightful. Instead of connecting with some homeless girl who is going to just come and cry every day. Right. So I think this is how we are connected. We're trying to connect with someone who we see as a.
Speaker E: That's a really transactional. I think it's like every human is extremely precious. You can ask all of your male friends if they want to go on date with one time or if they want to go on a date on a parallel to high school, average chubby woman every day in this year.
Speaker E: It depends on how they speak to you. Is this actually not a worthy conversation to have? I think it's a very important conversation to have, but I think I also have relatives outside of this country. I have friends. And then they're just like, yeah, this seems like a cool new technology, but is this actually going to be societally world shattering, as I think we think it is?  
Speaker A: And in what way? Even if it's earth shattering, is it going to be in a good way or in a bad way, or will. 
Speaker D: It be earth shattering at all?
Speaker E: Yeah. I feel like there's a sense that all of this is inevitable. We're going to have these AI companions. It's fine. We just have to adapt to it. And I don't know, I think it's just like, maybe I'm naive. 
Speaker B: I think these companions, like we are replacing programmers and designers using AI. These companions are replacing. The right word is again, if you want to posit, we are replacing the prostitution, using prostitution already. If there is no AI, men will go to prostitution. Okay. If there is AI, possibly there will be less exploitation for women.
Speaker E: I'm thinking less about sex and more about just like.
Speaker A: There's all kinds of apps. Did you guys see the messenger new feature?
Speaker D: It's also not really an answer to Ashley's question. What was your question again? Honestly, now that's how I see.  
Speaker E: Outside of this bubble. I think there are a lot of people outside of the circle who have common sense and they have their interest in technology, perhaps even optimistic about it, but I can't see them anytime soon, like turning to AI.
 

Speaker A: I agree. The adoption is going to be more here. Did you guys see the AI personalities in Messenger? I just realized. Notice this morning there is your big old sister with Kendall Jenner movement, and there is your message chef. There's like all these different personalities. If you go to Facebook messenger right now, you can start talking all to these different personalities. Yeah, I can show you guys after that. And I just saw that today. So it's going to be there. There's no ifs and buts. That is there. But I think I'm more interested in societal level, what can be done issue. I think we can get deeper in terms of how this is going to play out for whom, and the specific examples. But on societal level, how do we leverage AI in a way that maybe direct to the root causes of loneliness or create these things for me, for example, it's like far fetched. It's not very short term, but to me that's an economic model. If human beings are taken out of being functions, for example, uber driver, the nail technician. So there is a robot and LinkedIn thing. You go there with your hand, in ten minutes, you get your manicures done. We have driver list things. And it may seem like it's taking the connection away, but I have a different idea about that. Maybe it's going to be better for human connections because we are so used to seeing humans, but not seeing them as human, but as a function. Barista is a function, right? I go there. I don't need to connect to you as a human being, right? You're a function to serve me coffee. You're like a nail technician. So if we take all those away, so is there an opportunity to actually, when you meet a human, you recognize them as human rather than a function. So can that be like, if we advertise it in a way, like frame it in that way, make human connection in a way that and what we have less is more valued, right? Like then the human interaction can be and we teach people how to actually connect.  

Speaker D: I see this through the lens of teaching and education and practice and coaching as well, because I feel like the difference between people that will choose to sort of immerse themselves in just like an incredibly stimulating Internet world that's full of AI girlfriends and boyfriends. The difference between the group people that will sort of get lost in this and the group people that will do things that are more aligned with their long term well being, like connect in messy relationships with humans is wisdom. And I feel like making society more wise is the only way. That's how I see it. But that's through the lens of a Silicon Valley self improvement orientation. People care about ongoing education and about learning, but maybe that's not culturally universal.  

Speaker A: But I think there is also other things in the other cultures. It's not from self development lens, but it's already more social. They value it. If we again lower the economic value of a person has to bring to create. I can afford my life. The work hours are less, there's more time for social life. And in Turkey, and I think in Italy, it will be the same, people have more times, they will be around people. One of the reasons I think San Francisco has all this problem is people work a lot, then they need to go work out, then they need to get enough sleep. Like, there's literally no time left.
 
Speaker D: Well, people also congratulate you when you quit your job.  

Speaker E: I heard you saying that you have friends, but you don'T want to bother them because you don'T want to give them too much emotional burden. I think I feel that the same way too. So I don't know if you all know about. There was a website a long time ago called Omegle.
  
Speaker A: What is it?  

Speaker E: Omegle is like you can talk to strangers, they can connect you with different people on the Internet. But recently it shut down because there can be harms for kids, people that are using some unseen harm. So I just want to say if there is a way. I also read somewhere saying that people actually wanted to share what they have been going through with strangers because they don't want to put too much emotional burden to their friends. So they actually wanted to connect with strangers. So I don't know if there is a way AI can somehow create this kind of platform that create a no pressure platform for people to connect. I just think that.  

Speaker B: How do you spell it?  

Speaker E: Omegle. Yeah, it was super popular years ago. People connect with that. But now it has shut down.  

Speaker D: It's like stumble upon video chat.  

Speaker B: I found it very interesting, this thing that for you here, it's bothering a friend to like, this is like a bad thing.
 

Speaker B: Doesn't sound weird to you? No, I think in Turkey, that's the punctuation. It doesn't even go through.

Speaker E: I think it's a cultural, I mean.

Speaker B: What is your definition of a friend if you cannot share these kind of things? 

Speaker E: No, I think I'm saying that that is the optimal version of a friend. I'm saying this is something I've noticed in myself that I'm trying to get over.

Speaker D: Yeah, you have the same definition of friend.

Speaker E: Yeah, exactly. I'm just saying that I think somehow, culturally, there's something ingrained, which is like, I think a very shallow version of friendship.

Speaker B: My point is that if I cannot do that, I don't even call it a friend. It's an acquittal.

Speaker D: But it's not a property for friends. It's like a fear of burdening other people. 

Speaker B: Yeah, no, but that's super interesting because what I'm telling american.

Speaker A: Is it?

Speaker D: It might be american.

Speaker B: There, but it's pretty interesting for me because that's different.

Speaker A: I would like to comment about that wisdom. How do we get on a societal wisdom level that we kind of figure out like every society also find this cure in a way and then understand the risks of AI and then stays away from it? What is healthy and what is not healthy in a way, how do we get to develop even wisdom? 

Speaker D: So like western culture, we think of suffering as coming from trauma. Usually some childhood experiences, informed ways. You're maladaptive today and the cure is usually like self improvement or therapy or coaching. In eastern cultures are more like suffering comes from attachments and the direction of wisdom, the way to heal is through releasing the attachments or like releasing, grasping. Right. And the cure is meditation, Buddhism. Yeah, but I think these are like just two sort of fairly dominant ways of thinking about how to improve yourself that manifest in very different practices, but are actually quite subtle. They dovetail in a lot of nice ways. So I wonder if there's an equivalent for turkey or Italy or if they resonate one more than the other, if there's some different.

Speaker B: Third thing for sure, if you mean Italy, turkey for sure, we are closer to western than Buddhism. Thinking of reaching the nirvana by the touchman is very asian. I would say we are close, but.

Speaker A: I think it's a little more social version of it because you wouldn't have wisdom working on your own. It's not considered like you can be personally a good place, but you don't have it reflected in your relationship. People will not recognize this as kind of. Do you agree with that? It's not like a person who's like sitting at home and studying it. People are not going to see that as a white person. A white wisdom is more something applicable to in social situations.

Speaker B: Regarding social, I think there is another side. So now I think we said many things where Italy, Turkey is better, whatever that means. But I think there is another thing I notice is that when the society, they get richer, people get more attached to the society to the thing. So what happens is that in Italy, in Turkey you're going to be extremely helpful and there and present to your community, think about your family and then you're going to go shit against the. Now we live in Switzerland where people are very know, follow the rules because they don't want to bother people and think. And then you miss the narrow community thing. And I find it, like, amazing because you really have this kind of thing. I mean, it's very cool when you take the narrow thing in Italy or Turkey, but then to a person you don't know, you're really this tribe kind of thing. You're going to do everything for your tribe. You're going to go to war to the other one. While when a society tend to be richer, you tend to be more mindful about the larger thing, and then you start to lose the close. 

Speaker A: I notice technical term is in group out. Group.

Speaker B: Okay, sorry.
 

Speaker E: I was thinking about how so much wisdom comes from intergenerational relationships. I think here, instead of just family sticking together. And I think also for them, I think even if, though I'm past 18, they're like, if you were homeless, we would take you back in. It's fine. And I think there's a sense of imposing a responsibility or obligation on one another.  Just that I think something intergenerational. 

I think it's very rare to have spaces and conversations like these where young people can connect with older people in a very genuine way. And because I think schooling, it's all age segregated. And then at work, I don't know. I have a lot of friends who are like, oh, my colleagues are all in their middle aged, and we can't connect. And I find that to be a very bizarre phenomenon, I guess because I'm like, we're all human beings. And I feel like there's a sense of, we think of connection as just our lives have to be the same in order for us to understand each other. Whereas I think before, somehow there's a sense of a deeper sense of shared humanity, and we have these human problems of grief and suffering, loss. And regardless of what culture you came from, conspiracy theory.

Speaker B: There's a conspiracy theory behind it, advertisers want to keep you separate. Because I'm making an advertisement for, let's say, a new brand of shoes. These advertisements are designed for age range, okay? So when I'm displaying these advertisements, if there is a mixed range of people, it's very hard. 

Speaker E: I think it's less advertising. And I was just thinking more like, we're outsourcing human responsibility to, I think, broader society or to the government. And instead of privatized care of your parents, you will be like, oh, I can send them to the senior facility.

Speaker B: That's very strong in Asia. In Asia, many people take their parents in their house. Even in Asia, for example, in Thailand, I know, like, many people take their parents in the house.

Speaker E: I don't know if this is similar. 

Speaker A: But it feels like not anymore.

Speaker E: Okay, but families seem to be more close knit.

Speaker B: Yeah, but I would say Europe, if you see attendance, for sure, if you see the newer generation are going towards, I would say more american iteration or kind of thing, but even in the same generation. When I was young, we were going to my grandparents'house like every Sunday to eat altogether. Now we don't do anymore. There are other cases and for sure the new generation will do that. So I have to say Europe of countries which were a little bit in the middle, like Turkey, Italy, for sure, we are going to work the San Francisco way to do so.

Speaker D: How much of the difference between today's Italy and past Italy or like San Francisco versus the world is just explained by workaholism? Like, if you just don't have time, then you're not going to invest in relationships.

Speaker B: For me, workalism is a consequence. It's more individualism. So having this strong entity over yourself where you try to optimize for yourself, before you were trying to optimize for your family, whatever choice you do now you really optimize all your thing, which then also, as a consequence, how easy is now you have a relationship, things that really, before you still like this entity was the family, now it's yourself. So I don't feel happy anymore.
 

Speaker A: You have all these compliments, the movies, like all the things that you're exposed to. I feel the difference as like that values change. What I see in Turkey, the reason is also shifting. The work hours are really long commute, especially in Istanbul, it's super long. By the time you come, you eat, you really don't have time as much. And then on the weekend, you want to maybe do certain things. So there is this time crash for it in big metropolitan. And then also the paradox of choice, you have so many choices to pick from different things that you can do, is that lifestyle is deteriorating, those intergenerational relationships, because we don't have as much time and space. 

Speaker D: The atom of magic that makes co living work and feel special and connective is the unplanned, enjoyable interaction, I think. As long as you have unplanned interactions happening in your life above a certain threshold, your life becomes more connected by default. And most people are just way below that threshold of unplanned interactions. 

Speaker B: So it's really like this word, unplanned.

Speaker D: Unplanned, right. Because in a world where you don't have available extra social energy, which is particularly true for people that are working really hard with long hours, big commutes, people that have young families, they're trying to support for the first time, they have no extra energy. Right. The first thing that's crowded out is energy investment in your social life and in your friendships and relationships. And so you're just at whatever level you're at, that's unplanned right. And by default, everyone's below a baseline, below that threshold. And co living brings you above that threshold without you having to do anything additional besides moving into the house in the first place. There's a lot of different ways to format living together with multiple generations. Cohousing is you have your own units, but they're on the same block, they're ideally part of the same compound. You have a shared common space, backyard. I'm trying to build place like the commons, where people are just living nearby, and that's where they go to hang out in the evening. And they don't have to have a plan, they just show up after work, and then there's a bunch of the same people. I live near the commons and go there two or three times a week. It feels like living in college in terms of serendipity. I bike down the market, coworking space friends. Coffee shop, friend along the way, commons at night, salon, friends on way home. It's magical.  

Speaker B: I was talking with friend. I don't live in a place like this, but I like place like this. He lives in Palermo, kind of a city, he has this experience that if you go in the center, you can just walk and meet people that you know.  

Speaker D: Palermo, Buenos Aires?

Speaker B: Palermo is the biggest city in Sicily.
 

Speaker B: I really agree. I don't know if it's something ubiquitous, but I like this idea that I don't need to plan an interaction, which, for example, I need to do in Switzerland. In Switzerland, you have some people, which, of course they're not my friends because they cannot be know. You may ask, do you want to do something? They tell you, I have time in two weeks. I have time in one month. I cannot live like that. I cannot live like that. I like that. You define like an unplanned interaction, because that's like a need that I have. And actually it's one of these needs that is not matched at the moment in the place where I live, which I have to.  
Speaker E: Berkeley.
Speaker A: I live in international house. 
Speaker E: I would love to know more about the co living.
Speaker A: Sure, yeah. And how do you like. I'm interested, maybe like models. Even if it's not co living naturally, people are. For example, I just moved in a high rise, right. I'm in Wandering Hill, which is like a very mature building in San Francisco, because it was the first real high rise in downtown area. So it's like a range of age groups. There's not your typical sf young tech crowd. It's been almost impossible to get something going. I even talked to them and they're trying to get something going. It's like pushing a boulder up the thing. And the building doesn't have any natural community thing. And so many people live there, and I'm sure they are looking for something like that. So it's like creating maybe like a playbook that people can take away. And then how do you create that unplanned interaction in a place that already exists and have the facilities for that? But how do you instigate, even push the idea of these unplanned, community building kind of thing that you can even give to the community? These people did the thing. And this is a playbook. 

Speaker D: I think culturally it's hard when people aren't moving there because of community and aren't bought into the idea. It's not to say it's impossible, but.  

Speaker A: Like, if it's like, how many hundred?
 

Speaker D: I've got two concrete ideas. One is you have a circle of friends, and this already assumes a circle of friends that are bought into the idea of community. You can designate a hangout space. And the way that this place, there's a group called Invisible College. And the way they do it is they all pay $100 into or $50 maybe into a shared pot every month as like a subscription service. And that becomes a tab at their favorite coffee shop. That's like pretty geographically central. And whenever you go to this place, you say, I'm with the invisible college, and they put it on the tab. And so because you're all paying into this, everyone's incentivized to go get your money's worth. And every time you go, you're going to see like two or three people from the crew, interesting unplanned interactions. Another idea is I built a Bluetooth sensor network in like 2020 called flock. Basically, raspberry pis sit in common spaces at my old house, which had a bunch of reason I built this is because the co living house we used to live in wasn't well formatted. The layout didn't encourage unplanned interactions because the common spaces were spread out and kind of small and far apart. And so what this did was it pinged everyone's devices, and based on the signal strength of the ping, it could tell if you were in the common space or not. If you were in the common space, it would passively detect you. And if you're past a certain threshold of people in the common space, it would post to a shared slack channel. So it'd be like, hey, Kenji and Jason and Tom are hanging out. Come chill. In the common space. Like two people are on the roof, like five people are in the backyard, and you find out, right?  
Speaker A: There's actually like a lot of things. And then there's the need, like, what is that missing link? There's a need for it. There are things maybe like that can be created. Why is that picking up? Is it like lack of the ideas, lack of leadership? Like, who's not taking leadership on these kind of starting community? What do you think is the I.
Speaker D: I feel like I can connect with anyone at Burnington. And I've even unwisely connected people. I've regretted later because we didn't have compatible lives, but we just fell in love at Burnington.  
Speaker B: Because you're organizing community, right? What groups are you organizing?  
Speaker D: It is multigenerational. It is cohousing, like young families and their grandparents.  
Speaker B: Also, you are managing housing.  
Speaker D: Housing is a part of it. I'm organizing for people that are exploring who benefit a lot from co living houses. These are like people that aren't sure exactly how they want to have impact yet, but they want to.  
Speaker B: And you're doing it with web three?  
Speaker D: No web three. I organize weekend retreats that are like community building events that turn into. So the first event is like interest based. Like we're all doing bio and AI 200 person unconference. And a month later you do. For the 30% of this group that are interested in co living, they come to like a high ropes course, authentic relating weekend. That's like explicitly about who's going to live in the co living house. And from that you have the group of tenants.  
Speaker B: Do they have a website or. How do you find this? How do people find your home?  
Speaker D: Neighborhoodsf.com neighborhood.
Speaker A: Okay, let's wrap up this and let's get all together for a final review.
Speaker G: I can speak up for me when you mentioned, funny about the topic being like a societal issue, actually know very little about it. I'm actually curious since you presumably you recorded to hear what the conversations were in the other group due to ignorance. 
Speaker D: I don't know what we're doing.
Speaker A: I don't know if you were able to stick to that societal aspiration in our topic, but definitely it's something. Maybe we'll have different events in it, related, adjacent topic, but keeping it very relevant to the society, like philosophical or futuristic level.
 

Speaker D: One societal level takeaway that I had was just my frame. I'm very much a part of the San Francisco bubble, and my frame is to see things through the lens of self improvement, growth, agency and whatnot. And that's a particularly western frame, particularly San Francisco frame that doesn't translate well to other cultures, for example, Turkey and Italy, who are more just like social at their space fabric.  

Speaker E: I think I'm thinking a lot about cultural norms now, especially around friendship and also just like interpersonal relationships. And I think we talked about what we expect from our friends and also what we're willing. I think I talked about, sometimes I feel hesitant to tell my friends, share something with my friends, because I feel like it'll impose an emotional burden on them. And I think these two found that to be a very odd concept. And I think maybe it's a western cultural thing, but a lot of these societal shifts, I feel like it's very much just like a cultural reframing about how much can we rely on each other? What is our role and responsibility to one another?

Speaker C: Yeah, I really identify with not wanting to burden people in different cultures. That's huge. In certain cultures, it's more acceptable. Anyway, I was just going to say, for the individual loneliness. One of the insights that I had is at some point, imagine 50 or 100 years from now, AI is just going to be so much better than it is right now. And it's probably going to feel better to relate to an AI than to have to deal with another human being who doesn't quite connect with me perfectly and has their own needs and their own opinions and maybe gets angry at me. It's like, wow, this AI is so much better than that. And that's a real risk that I think we need to safeguard against. So one idea that came up is like, we have drugs that can do miracle things for us, but like osembic or this drug, I forget what it's called, that can help you survive sleeplessness for a week. Like not sleeping for a week, but it's prescription only. There's regulations around who can have access to that level of magic. And maybe we need to regulate these AI loneliness bots to only be for people who really need it and can't relate to other human beings. And for everyone else, they just get some coaching. Like, here's how you go out and talk to people.  

Speaker A: I think what was a new insight for me is the way you frame them that this will require. Like, I think leveraging AI and then creating that kind of a future is going to require a wisdom level, a societal wisdom level, so that we can actually create that kind of future. And the question now I have in my mind is, what is the wisdom we need to cultivate in terms of AI adoption and the product adoption, how we see that. And wisdom is something that tells us what is good and what is not good. For whatever reason, wisdom is usually time tested. We don't have time to test it. So I don't know what that means. But thinking about what is wisdom in terms of, because I think somebody said, not here, that AI will be the test of humanity's wisdom. And if we pass this test, we're going to end up in a better place. And if we fail this test, that's not going to be good for us. So what is the wisdom we need right now at this point in time, and how do we cultivate and how do we also share it with others is, I think the question that opened up in my mind. Anyone else?  

Speaker I: I think for me, a couple of things. When we talked about these really clinical cases and really folks that have trauma and very hard difficulty relating, I actually can feel like AI can maybe provide a positive outcome very quickly, even the dangers, because otherwise they just have nothing else. But again, this is a question that I'm not equipped to answer, but I wasn't thinking about that before today. And then the other thing that's interesting is how much loneliness is related to a little bit of a lack of self worth because some people fail to go out there because maybe they feel like they don't have enough to showcase to other people. And so to me, it becomes like a very complicated scenario. It's not just going and kind of making friends. It's like some of these people are actually like a little bit of like, oh, are they going to judge me? They're a little bit of the enemy, too. I don't know if AI can help at all, but it's another question that I haven't had in my head.
 

Speaker H: So one new thing I learned from you guys, actually, was, I was always wondering, an AI therapist or an AI coach could obviously be very useful because it lowers the barrier for people to get what can be very valuable help for many. But I was always wondering, how do people build the necessary therapeutic relationship with it? Because a big part of why therapy works or doesn't work for somebody is do they trust their therapist? Like the person that's sitting in front of them? Do they open up to them? Do they warm up enough such that their brain is even in a state that enables change? Because only when they look at this person as somebody that they can fully trust and open up to and not just a stranger, is change even possible. And I was like, okay, how is that going to work with an AI? Because it's such an impersonal, generic entity. And what you guys brought up was, okay, you model it after a real person, right? Like, you model it after her, for example, you have her digital clone or somebody else that this person has some relationship with or can build a relationship with, and you make it very personal and something that people can bond with as opposed to coach bot xY. And I was like, oh cool. Actually, yeah, that makes a lot of sense. And people already do bond with online creators for better or worse, and we can probably use that for these virtual AI therapists and coaches as well.
Speaker A: Alright, I think.