Names have been changed to preserve anonymity.

 

Speaker A: So I guess we'll go around and we can all just kind of give a couple sentences about, I kind of started already a little bit, but a couple sentences on your background, especially, like, in the context of interactive media and video games. If you've played certain games in the past, if there's things you're really interested in, in kind of new forms of media, maybe not just as games with a controller, but even, like, art exhibits and installations. I think Burning man has a lot of interactive art, kind of that way of thinking about things. And then, yeah, things you'd be really interested in discussing today, like questions you have for someone that is building a game or people that have opinions on what kinds of games like to play more of. And then also, I guess, really like, yeah, things about, I mean, AI, whatever. 
Speaker B: I've been into games and streaming. I used to work at Twitch as well. I like a lot of competitive games that are team based. But also something like Cyberpunk or Hades, which is like, I think they're really good at creating a world and having you decide and move around and control your environment. So I think in this discussion, how much more can you do? Now, we haven't even explored. 
Speaker C: Well, I've played video games since childhood, and I'm an enthusiast of game design. So I find it really interesting to see the sort of, like, psychological tricks that games use to just trick you into having fun, essentially.  
Speaker D: Yeah, just background as well. I basically have been playing games for as long as I can remember, whether it was like with the original Game Boy in the car where there's no light on the street, so you just have to wait for every once in a while so you can actually see the screen.
Speaker A: Wow, dude, that's such a flashback to me too.
Speaker D: It's just been something that I don't remember. The start is the thing, so it's always been there. And yeah, for me, weirdly enough, I never really got into the single player story games too much. When I discovered multiplayer and the competitive aspect to it that just hooked into my brain so deeply that I was always on either competitive games or players or games where I just involved other people because the alternative to me felt very single dimensional in terms of decisions or complexity or trying to navigate that. And it always felt much more fun to actually have another person on the other side of it.
 

Speaker D: I was doing Minecraft for a while, where I did Minecraft plugin development for multiplayer servers and started that for a little bit. Then League of Legends, CSGO, kind of the whole, I guess, competitive realm around that. Eventually getting to the point where I actually hired a coach to get better at the game that I was playing, realizing that there is this self improvement loop that goes on which game, specifically? League of Legends. And so as someone who was really bad at it, having someone that was like, okay, why did he make that decision? And I stepped back and I was like, oh, I don't know. I just did it because it was on autopilot and actually analyze it and then see the rank, the actual elo number go up was very addicting, to the point where actually I cut myself off cold turkey in 2020 or so, right when pandemic hit, just because I had found myself spend so much time in that kind of loop. Nowadays I am very inspired by the idea of trying to bring that complexity of multiplayer games into the more worlds and like the single player games where there's depth to it, where every character you talk to isn't just a pre written line to make you go away. And so that's kind of, for me, the inspiring part.  

Speaker E: So I've loved playing games and I explored one person and then multiplayer, but then I got hooked onto multiplayer as well. But recently I've been more into. In the past few years I've been more towards exploring how I can build a game in terms of the mechanics, the visuals, the sounding and so on. I started digging deep into how is a game actually built? Right, like what? As a game designer, what do I actually think about when I build a game? So I went back to researched on Tetris, how they built that game, then the Pac man, the whole story of those people and end to end. And at this point I'm more interested in general about. So obviously virtual reality is like a frontier for gaming itself. So MMORPG is into words wherein if I'm interacting with another character, that character reacts in real time based on what I've said. So making it much more intuitive and interactive and actually creating like a different tangent based on what I do.  

Speaker F: I'm Chen. And one of the things that's always fascinated me about games is no matter what is going on in my life personally or with my work or whatever, if I'm feeling kind of depressed on a day or if I'm like, what's the point of everything? I can jump into a game and suddenly things have a point and there's goals to achieve and there's skills to be had and there's people to talk to, and it's this sort of my background is sort of in philosophy and sociology and stuff. And there's this book called death in the afterlife by this philosopher, Luis, where he's saying, even if everyone thinks, assume that an asteroid is going to hit the earth in 30 years, and all these long term things that you're doing are kind of meaningless, like working on cancer research or whatever, but one of the things that might be so very meaningful is playing video games. That sort of line has always stuck with me, and I think that there's maybe something interesting there with AI and the way that AI will change our lives and having these spaces for meaning and connection and skill and so on and so forth. How will we turn to video games for more and more of those needs, those very human needs? So that's something that I'm pretty interested in. And then conversely, I think Ekaterina brought up this really interesting question about how thinking about building a game, that way of thinking about a game, has sort of been translated over into so many other parts of our lives, and what does that sort of hold? So some questions around that, but honestly, looking to learn a lot from all of you.

Speaker B: Sweet.
 

Speaker G: Yeah. So I'm Sarah, I'm a UX researcher. I don't work in game, but I certainly have played games. My sort of orientation towards gaming is more sociological. I've seen sort of how games have just massively transformed societies. And particularly age is a really good example of you've got a lot of young adolescents, gamblers, that has built it as a milieu for their social scenes, right? Which is very different from years, decades past. And how sort of the government responses to these sort of facts, like China banning adolescent games like 90 minutes a week or something, and many other East Asia countries doing something similar in South Korea, Thailand, whatnot. And because they see it as like, it's actually corrosive to culture, to them, whether that's really true or not up for debate still, given that it's only been, say, a year since they've made that ban in China. But it is very fascinating to see how much gaming elements as a whole it can be, and oftentimes is used as a manipulative device in any way, that storytelling can be used as a manipulative device as a whole.  
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker H: My name is Carlos. I work as a software developer as a day job, but my hobby has kind of always been know since probably high school, since I first started to learn code, like trying to make a game, because I've always wanted to make a game for me. Like in my head, I know how it's going to work. Then you try to do it and it's garbage. You never finish it. Sounds a dilemma. I started dozens, not more dozens of games. I finished two, probably. You could call the other one full fledged game. But I'm really interested in it as an art, more so than a sociological, from the. I kind of see it more as a kind of unexplored space that you can develop. Know there's painting, there's music, there's all these, and now there's games, which is kind of a new form, new art form.  
Speaker I: Hey, my name's Ahmed. I think there have been two formative games in my life. So the first one was definitely Pokemon. That was my chess. I have a couple game facts, doubles championships under my belt from back in the day. And when I got into programming, the first thing I built was like a pokedex and a type checker, which I received a season desist for from the Pokemon company. The closest I've got is I ran a series of escape rooms and discord. What I do is I would go buy an NFT from a collection, understand their lore fully, and then do like full voiceover, like escape rooms and discord, which is pretty fun. Um, the most interesting thing I learned there was we'd be giving away these like $2,000 nfTs, and at the end was one of win. There was this big thing where it's like, do you want to take this or do you want to share it with everybody? And the two times we ran it, everyone always wanted to share it, which was just shocking to me. They're like, oh, we all worked so hard, three nights in a row. Why would I keep this for myself? You don't have a choice. And then, so the last time we ran the game, we actually tried to knock it as an option. It's like, no, someone has to win. We want to see someone win. And then the girl DM'd us and was like, I want to share. I recently shut down my company. I'm trying to figure out what to do next. And I had this thought for the longest time that within the next ten years we're going to have something like the movie her, which means all tedium, whether it's uber ordering food, it's just going to be automatic. At least I feel for sure that's going to happen within the next ten years. And so all this ui, everything's going to go away. I remember I saw this to a friend, like, yeah, but what about like Fortnite? I still want to play Fortnite. I don't want it to be played for me. And then just something clicked in my head that at some point maybe entertainment is all we have left.
 

Speaker A: I'll just kick us off with some questions and then I'll just moderate and try not to get in the way. So there's a philosopher named Jose, who had a really nice analogy for understanding the origins of language for the tool, and basically saying that so much the nature of social interaction comes down to us really playing games with each other. And what we're really doing is playing language games. When this AI stuff really first started taking off, the first project I built on my own, just using GPT to write most of the code, was a game. It was a game called word cells. And the game was it would give you random sentences with a word missing, and there would be an original word in the sentence. And your job was to type in the word that you thought would best go in that place. So I thought the question really is, what are the game mechanics we think have the biggest difference? Or what's the nature of those game mechanics that will be the most transformed by having an AI with a depth of storytelling behind it that could animate the character.  

Speaker H: Right.

Speaker A: I'm curious if people have thoughts on what are the game mechanics where we can have a much bigger leverage in creating an immersive depth by the emulation of human characteristics. 

Speaker H: Anyone comment?

Speaker A: Anyone chime in?

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker H: Now it takes less effort to make the. You're sorry, what's your name again?

Speaker D: Aisha.

Speaker Luis. In his know, he's using GPT to act as kind of like the brain of the agents in the little npcs in the game, and you'll have more interesting interactions with them. And what's really interesting to me is now these tools are kind of usable by indie developers. You don't need a huge supercomputer to launch something that has or you don't have to devote your whole life like the dwarf fortress guy, to getting this massive system. It's not easy, but it's getting easier with its tooling. That's how I see it's speeding up my ability to make what I wanted to make when I was a kid.
 

Speaker A: The AI revolution was enabled by the video game industry. That's what got Anastasia. And it was Nvidia developing custom hardware for graphics rendering that produced this cudicore processing pipeline of massively paralyzed systems that.

Speaker D: Is now the foundation for ML and bitcoin mining. To some extent.  

Speaker H: That was the original.

Speaker A: What kinds of game environments do you think would be the most changed by having. Well, what we see is like say, lm behind them as animators. 

Speaker C: Like the first two major categories there, I guess, are the competitive versus narrative ais. Because we've brought up, let's say like CSGO, and trying to emulate human competition in single player games. But then what teres is working on is more narrative based, so more atmospheric or ambient AI, and the competitive one that already has some prior art, like racing games, for instance, are fairly simple to train AI on, to sort of behave more human like, to make mistakes that the human would make. I don't know. I've seen that lots of different games are trying to emulate these things, or they try to even emulate sort of like the human emotions or grudges that one racer would have against you as the player, for instance. So in the competitive category, I guess a lot of it is going to be how do you make the competitive AI more human. Which if you just have a dumb algorithm it would very easily probably beat humans. So you will just bring more of a human aspect into that. And then for the narrative category, that's entirely different because it's mainly about applying creativity that makes the game more interesting and novel.

Speaker H: I'm more interested in how it's going to affect interactive fiction. Like choose your own adventure.  

Speaker D: You're talking about that stuff.

Speaker E: It could be more towards very simple, right? Like GTA six, they spent like what I think about two or some billion dollars just to build that kind of narrative structure wherein if I interact with, let's say, Aisha, I might go towards a different direction. If I interact with him, then I go to a different direction. If I go interact with Android, then I go to a different direction that could be more impacted with AI itself, wherein the AI is able to mimic human emotions and just basic human actions. So if I go and just push him, the AI or NPC would take that as an aggressive act and then respond accordingly. If that is something that AI, I think could actually enable. If that happens, then I think that could actually create more interactive and real world experiences simulated in a game. But then again, you can think of it like, would you actually want to simulate the actual real world into the game, or do you want to have a pinch of reality? But then everything else is just like a woo game.  

Speaker H: It's so hard to make the game fun.

Speaker E: Exactly. There's like that question, do you want to actually mimic each and every aspect that a human would do, or just a part of it? How you decide what level of it is fun and where the fun ends?  And rather, how would an AI decide that in an automatic manner? So, for example, if I push him, but I push him in a playful manner, but then if I point a gun at him, Then how would the AI respond to it? I think that is somewhere AI could actually have a stronger impact on the narrative side of things.

Speaker B: I was always thinking how sometimes aliens in movies are so human like that it's almost not interesting. I actually have been fascinated by the fact that the AI can find something that's really out there. But the interesting part, what will make it interesting is not completely drop you into world that you don't know any rules or so messed up, but can slightly kind of bring you into a very different mindset of what the world can be. And then there's some new rules you discover slowly. So aliens who are completely different. So it can be so creative, I think, but it can be careful.
 

Speaker A: This is an amazing point. I want to like fucking mini round of applause on that point because, yeah, the AI is not just to make people in games, it's to make dragons and aliens and stuff. And for me, I used to get really into playing halo, like high school, whatever. And part of this halo game is that each type of alien has a distinctive AI sort of behavior, right? That affects the flow of a little gunfight and you get really good at predicting where they're going to jump and what they're going to do. And that's kind of the skill curve really is like building an internal representation of what the characteristic AI for that sort of agent is.
Speaker E: One thing that I would suggest off the topic, there's this tv show called as high score. It's more towards how games were built for Pac man, and they've covered their journeys and how they actually built Pac man, what challenges they face.  
Speaker A: Oh, I might have watched that. That was about this super compelling. Oh, yeah, that was like this bug in Pac man where if you completely destroy the maximum possible score, it sends you to like, there's some memory out of bound error where now the screen rasterization gets all messed up and you have to play blind or something.
Speaker E: And then after a point, Pac man became so repetitive because there was only four degrees of freedom, the game developers had to think out of the box and ship a different cartridge to make it more interactive and playful as to increase their sales. And it's like a component of sales to it. But then the game angle is something.  
Speaker H: I think every game has that struggle of, how do you teach the player how to play the game in a way that's not too jarring? Like, you can't just throw them into dark souls or something, into the final boss fight. Games like Pac man are great because they're so constrained. But then as games get bigger and bigger, people want more and more interactions. These tools might be good for training. They can kind of figure out, I didn't think about it from this angle, but you can use the players, learn from the game, learns from the player to scale the difficulty. Games have failed in so many respects in the past. It's so hard to scale the game. Usually it's just easy, medium hard. Like, those are your options. But it'd be more interesting if your game, I think one game that did this well is left for dead. They had like an AI director that would kind of like make it. They want to keep you engaged in it. So they would have more zombies if you're doing well, and then they kind of get you to this climax and then they kind of cool down for a little bit. So think about it from that angle. Is another sort of use for these.
Speaker D: No.
 

Speaker E: So that's very interesting because my co founder and I, we actually built a game on that model. So essentially built a very simple game as called as a runner. And as you started playing that, we had created like on a code level, multiple levels and the difficulty level. But then as you played and you demonstrated that, oh, you can play much better than what you're playing at right now. For example, if in the easy mode, but then you are going by much more easily, then the system would actually upgrade and add more obstacles and difficulty to your game because you as a player have demonstrated that you can do much better than what you are currently faced with. We'd already built that and we had like a basic playable game as well. We played a lot with it.
Speaker I: And so on and so forth, you.
Speaker E: Just keep running and move around. But we had like this different layer to it wherein the more complexity in terms of obstacles, let's say you have to stop at a point and then you have to jump through it. Or let's say you're faced with another alien of just obstacle in terms of someone coming and shooting at you. You have to figure out how to dodge to that person if you could just while running itself. So we created that kind of complexity and this was like when there is another, let's say, obstacle in terms of, let's say an alien coming and shooting at you, that was a top, like the worst or the best, most difficult aspect that we had thought of that we could potentially code because at that time we didn't have the mechanics to ensure the AI could actually learn and create those difficulties.
Speaker C: I feel like this has sort of been perfected by left for dead and stuff already. So I guess the only way you cannot really make the difficulty scaling more accurate to keep people in the zone more, but I guess you can add more degrees of freedom because left for dead and resident evil and all these other games that do this, they operate with very simple variables and I guess that can start feeling cheap to the players if they clearly see how the game is adapting to them. So I guess maybe the room for improvement there where AI can help is like bringing in more complex variables for difficulty scaling so that the AI can figure out how those would interact together to adapt the difficulty to the perfect level.  
Speaker A: It's also different. People are good at different kinds of games too, right? So where's the challenging in the zone learning curve for that person? Right. So if you have a really open world, a lot of possible game mechanics, you might be able to see if the person is getting good at one thing versus another and tune the difficulty in those areas. And it's like if there's a certain kind of game puzzle or challenge, that is super tough for me. It would kind of suck if that was the difficulty I kept getting stuck on. Right. So it's like adapting to a person within the context of what can be tuned as well.
Speaker C: You typically also want to incentivize people to do different, engage with different mechanics. So I guess you could have AI adaptive roles to sort of push you towards that.
Speaker A: Right? Yeah. You haven't completed any side quests.
Speaker C: Yeah, just like use different abilities and stuff. Like having settlers of a town, like board game, there's like a small incentive for building more roads, sort of, because I think without that incentive to expand, more people would sort of all default to turtling and trying to maximize the resources that they already have or maximize the value of what they have. But then the game just introduces a slight mechanic to incentivize you to think about more expansion. And I guess similarly the AI can come up with the longest road bonus of your game. Whatever incentive would get you to have a more varied playstyle, which would change depending on the current playstyles that you're already engaging with and what's available and maybe why you're avoiding those other playstyles currently.
Speaker F: So my background isn't like in making video games, but it's more like building social media and stuff. And in there, there was this time where it was like everyone goes to the New York Times, sees the same news site, but it's not quite tailored to your interest or what you like or the thing that you read last night that you want to follow things up on, so on and so forth. So what would a totally tailored information diet news media experience look like?
Speaker A: Right.
 

Speaker F: We can now do this with algorithms, but there's a problem with that, which is so much of my time spent reading news is not just in the reading, it's also in the conversation with my friends about it afterwards. It seeps into all these other social dimensions of life. Right. And the problem that you end up getting or something like filter bubbles. Right. 

Speaker A: That's fundamental because we all have a different experience in the game of life, but we still find common ground because we experience fundamental principles or mechanics that we have to figure out how to navigate differently depending on our character stats. What stats did you roll? I didn't get to choose how tall I am.

Speaker H: Yeah, they add maybe a different element of randomness in a way, like these tools, but in order for the. I mean, even these huge games have very. They all kind of boil down to simple rules, even like, grand Theft Auto. It's like, make as much money as you can. Grand Theft Auto is kind of difficult for me to say, but it's like, most of those kids are like, level up to this, be the highest level, be the best at this. And they have games within the game, and now there's like speed running, and people build games based on games and to extend them, I think.

Speaker A: What kind of common ground does it make? That's shared, I think is interesting because if we watch movies, we all see the exact same linear sequence of events, and we just talk about scenes and stuff like that. But it's like, to discuss a game, it's like, how would you play the situation? What's the strategy here? There's, like, a way more depth for engagement with other people to kind of how a person plays a game probably tells you a lot about themselves.

Speaker G: Sure. Play this game again, discolysium, which is a very strong, narrative driven game. Right. And it's already set in stone. But then you roll the dice. You get some roll dice, you get stats. You then roll the dice about whether your social interactions with people will succeed or not. And you go on and keep playing until the very end. And it's amazing to watch people who are obsessed with the game just keep going back over and over and over again with different stats just to watch how the npcs will have different interactions over and over again. And so I guess to extend off of that is that, like, you know, the joy of big part of the whole, like everyone has, like, everyone goes back and played different star, and you have these discussions with people who play these games of being like, well, what did you interrupt? What kind of social interactions did you end up getting with these specific staff? It is something I see a lot.

Speaker B: Yeah, I was going to say, I think it's an interesting point because I felt like when Netflix had, like, four or five shows, we were talking a lot more about them, and I felt more connected to kind of just this, kind of like, oh, what are the shows that right now we're watching? And now it feels like. I don't know, I hear different show, everyone's watching something else, so we just stop talking about stuff. So I think it might definitely go into a way where people actually feel like they're in their own very personalized world.

Speaker C: I was going to say I'm not too worried, actually, about the common ground aspect, because for the competition category of implementing AI, you always have the common ground if the rules of the competition remain the same. So all players will share that and are able to talk about that in the narrative category. If we look at the example of Dwarf Fortress, which is already so complex that people have vastly different experiences in it, the dwarf fortress community has sort of started centering around just sharing their wildly different stories with each other, and it feels like the community is still cohesive and can sort of engage with each other and have interesting, fulfilling conversations about the game, even though they are all experiencing very different narratives.
 

Speaker B: What's the cohesive bit?

Speaker C: I think it might be just something generic as enjoying generated narrative stories. I think it's like if you go play Dwarf for Twist, then you probably enjoy the creativity that comes from that complex system, and then people share the results of their system generating.

Speaker F: Ekaterina made this point of, we're all people and we all live very different lives, but there are certain fundamental rules that we all share, like gravity. The fact that we have pretty much similar biological structures, like the way that we process information is similar, so on and so forth. I'm sure even in this game, right. Those types of mechanics that people can do are roughly similar to each other, even though that can generate very different types of worlds. Another example is Legend of Zelda. Everyone has gone through that game in a very different way, and it's kind of interesting to see the ways that they have done so because there's so many possibilities of gameplay based on the way the mechanics work, where you can mix and match different abilities in such interesting ways, which I guess does counteract the worry a little bit. But as a game developer using AI, it's probably important to think about the social life that games take on and to make sure that there's enough commonality of experience between different people's gameplay. Counteracted by the way that the game is individually responding to the player. That is something to tune right, and you can get it wrong in both directions.

Speaker C: I guess I would start worrying about this in the far future when basically AI generates a custom made game for you. Not just like it doesn't work with the game to generate an experience for you, but takes your favorite genre, favorite theme, favorite game mechanics. You might not like narrative, so might just remove narrative altogether and just generate something specifically for you at that point. That sounds a bit scary. That sounds a bit like you're living in your own world. Yeah. I don't know how I would talk about that experience with anyone because nobody would care about my favorite experience, and they already have their own, and there's no reason really to learn about other people.  

Speaker H: They'd still be constrained by the thing that used to create that.

Speaker C: This is like far, far future, like in 100 years.

Speaker F: Have you ever wanted to read someone's diary though? That's kind of like their whole internal life.  

Speaker A: Fair enough. 

Speaker A: Has anyone here played text based games?

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: And have you played them recently that are powered by AI?

Speaker H: I did play an interesting interactive fiction. It's kind of like an escape room. The interesting thing was it was very deterministic in how it worked and it was like progressive how you get through it. I don't remember the name, but you had a spell book and you type in commands and they kind of change something about the environment. And there's always like a reversal of it. So you can make the room warmer or colder, and then there's another spell that would make you fly or turn gravity on and off. It's kind of an interesting style because most of them are like, it's an adventure and it's like reading a book. You follow along, pick up items and get to the end. I found this one interesting because it was physics in the game, text only. You change the physics with spells to get out of the room eventually. So I think there is still opportunity in text based games. You have to come at it from a different angle, though. You can't just do the same old thing.
 

Speaker A: So this generative nature of the text based games now that we could have is that even if you made the exact same set of decisions, you would have a different gameplay experience each time. Because it's a non deterministic generation of kind of. That's the beauty of the guess, you know? In the book Ender's game. Right? Anders game. Yeah, in the book Ender's game. It's a cool book about children learning to play this ultimate rts strategy game that I won't give away the ending, but ends up being like, really? I want to play that game. It's basically homeworld, but in that there's a psychological assessment tool used by the military school training the kids called the Giants cup. Right. Which is where these kids like playing on an iPad. Right. But there's a really powerful AI behind the giant's cup that's generating the environment for each person and using it to explore their psyche and what their true nature is. And I guess the thing about this game is that because the children can do anything in the game, it's basically a game impossible to win unless you're able to break what you think is possible to do in the game. And that would reveal a true cunningly sociopathic strategic genius or something like that. I think this, like, having an intelligence behind the thing you're playing with enables this element of world co creation where you are now building a world jointly with something else. And that's a really exciting part of video games and generative AI in general. Right. That's one of those playful components is that I can imagine victorian Steampunk, Zeppelin, army and mid journey will generate images that show me this thing and I can put them into a game environment and I can give a dialogue to a character from that world and it'll fill in the blanks in a compelling way. I think this aspect of AI in games, too, it's a massive point of leverage in our ability to imagine new worlds in a really compelling way and to build immersive experiences that draw upon a lot of human culture in a dynamic way, too.  

Speaker B: I think for me, what's interesting is that you can explore pathways that you are not going to explore in real life. So you are not going to say to the person like, oh, I like your smile. Do you want to go like normally, for example, make a compliment to the person or take away a gun and shoot them? You wouldn't do it in real life, but then in a game you can just kind of explore what will happen in some of these completely alternative realities. I think that will be cool. And it's still like maybe realistic. You'll get the realistic response maybe from the AI.  

Speaker G: I'm super excited for that. We already have flight simulations and military training simulation and job training simulations. And I'm like, well, what's stopping us from having better life simulation then where you have inputs of variables about your personality, the context, the upbringing of a human, and then be able to render a realistic world and just play out curiosities of life in which you only live one life, one path. But there are like million parallel universes where you've done something different and it's like you'll never get to live out those realities. But in a gaming world you could, and have been useful in exploring, well, you had inputted some point you got into drugs, those fundamentals, right? And playing out a reality of just like, how would that play out?  

Speaker C: That sounds like the rehearsal by Nathan Skilder.  

Speaker B: Yeah.  

Speaker F: It’S exactly like that. But what if you found out that you would have been way happier had you made a different decision?
 

Speaker H: I'm a little bit maybe pessimistic in that aspect because we already sort of have that ability with role playing, dungeons and dragons kind of play already. And why would these tools ever be better? I see that they can make it more immersive. So instead of just some guy saying, now you're in a forest, a magical forest, now you can have that picture and it can sort of have the whole context of the game. If you're doing what you're doing where it's like, recording and it's compressing it. And I think it's interesting in that aspect to make these types of games more like role playing games, more compelling. I don't know if it'll ever be. I think it can make that more immersive. I don't think it'll be better, necessarily, than we already have.
Speaker C: I think it would already be better than me. I'm not a very good dungeon master, as in, like, I feel like I lack the creativity and give the weight to express what I'm picturing. 
Speaker H: I think it will be a great assistant to a dungeon master. Some people like you like organizing the event. We like attending the event, that kind of thing. I think these tools will be great assistance to a human. I can't see them being better at modeling a system, making that engaging of, like, what if I did follow this life path? I think I'm hesitant to see these tools being better than, say, talking to a therapist about. I see therapists working with these tools to enhance their ability to give insights, but I don't think they'll actually be fully independent.
Speaker D: Gotten there yet. The models we're working with right now are very still, very early, still very rough across the board.
Speaker H: True.
Speaker D: I actually built one of these text adventure games that we're talking about. And the way I approached it was there's the same kind of skepticism of, is it going to be better than just being with your friends? So in that sense, do you build a platform to enable that, et cetera? And there's a social component that it doesn't have. But as of, like, two weeks ago, I fully believe in the idea of superhuman storytelling now, because there was this one instance where I give it complete nonsense of a prompt, something like, I think it was the stolen timekeeper or something like that. And it would be just through the prompting mechanism, through the way it was set up. It created this overarching story, the world around it, characters in it, in a way that then it wrote in a prose that I could never write. It's using illiterations. It's using this very beautiful imagery. It's controlling dolly three. It's using text to speech to give characters, and it's something that maybe if you give a human x number of days or weeks to be able to create it, they'd be able to do way better. But the fact that it can do it within 5 seconds and you can then guide it from there, creates just this loop that, for me, does feel.
Speaker A: Like magic in that sense. 
Speaker H: Yeah. But it's still being supervised by you.
Speaker D: And you're co creating it at that time. But it is the one telling the kind of, like, story of creating the world and then being able to take the pros and actually generate.
Speaker A: Storytelling point. And then also, if you've seen videos of, like, I guess unity engine now has, like, generative AI tooling and stuff.
Speaker E: A few of it. Not completely.
Speaker A: Yeah, but it's just the beginning, right? It's like, generate a bunch of trees, whatever.
 

Speaker D: I started about a year and a half ago, back in August of 2021 or so, because I had gotten GPt-3 early access through AI dungeon. They were kind of the first text game that got viral, in a sense. It's like you type in your actions, it generates no images, no narration, nothing. It's just pure text. But what hooked me there was I clicked one of the premade options of like, oh, I'm this elf student in a university class. And so I walk into the class, I'm like, oh, let's test it out, see what I can do. I raised my hand, interrupting the class to try to get the professor's attention. The professor's like, oh, harris, what's your question? I was like, oh, I made something up. Why did the seven year war continue for as long as it did? And the professor actually gave a full, yeah, it's not as relevant. So talk to me after class, and then after class, talk to him, et cetera. I go to the cafeteria, for example, and this is all text, right? But it was more immersive than anything I had played so far because there was students playing a card game, and I was like, I walk up to them like, oh, is this a hard card game? And I remember this quote, it's only hard for the stupid. And then walked up, shakes my hand. You want to grab some beers at the tavern? It has the whole story to it. I got early access through GPT-3 through that, because I knew the founder. But since then, I had been tinkering around with the idea of what happens when you take that and you apply to every single character. You can talk to them. You start simulating all these things, and it's been kind of this journey of, I think the war game has so much semantic overloading to it, in a sense that it's just hard to talk about different things because, for example, Skyrim or GTA or these other games very much are approaching the world simulator type. Whereas when you play the Formula one game, you just want to be the guy driving the car or the girls driving the car to be able to go around the lap and kind of beat the competitors. And so in that sense, AI can add things like commentary, real life voice commentary, or having. There was this game from, what was it, the Lord of the Rings, I think it was. 
Speaker A: Shadow of Mordor.
Speaker D: Shadow of Mordor. Love that game where it would actually assign names to the enemies and based on your interactions, it had this whole plot of like, oh, you killed this orc which caused this guy to get promoted. So now you're going to have to face him and completely personalizes the story. And so it's this scale that is really for me, I have zero game design background, but trying to wrap my head around of like, okay, how do you take this and work with it when it's such an open scale of on the lower end, right. Chess, perfect information game, perfect rules in place for thousands of 2000 years or so and so go as well, right? These are very hard to find games. But then on the other end you have what happens when you take World of Warcraft for these games and make it so you can talk to every character. Most people when they're playing, see an empty box with no inspiration as work. And so they'll pick the options there.
Speaker H: That's fun. 
Speaker D: It's not fun because you want the freedom and creativity, but you don't want to. I mean, frankly, it comes down to feel like you're not good enough to be able to come up with the story in a way.
Speaker G: It's not sort of just like a learning curve, right? It's just like seeing what the game is capable of pulling off first. Seeing, okay, by clickbait what can it do? And then be able to build that mental model, I think helping to therefore start thinking of generating your own content. But those initial picking oftentimes just to get a sense of what it can do.
 

Speaker D: I still think there is a component of it that's work, in that this is still very unprocessed thoughts. But I do think there is a component of it where the reason we enjoy games so much as they are today is because that work has already been done. But if it's open ended and it's not constrained, there is this processing of the uncertainty that you already do in day to day life, that when you come home from work or something like that, you don't necessarily want to have to spend the energy trying to figure out.  

Speaker C: I think it's work in the same sense that in Breath of the wild, the physics engine lets you use the systems and do the work to figure out some new physical interactions, sort of. And people enjoy that sometimes for some.

Speaker D: Oh, I agree. There's tons of different players to it. Like, there are some folks that will spend 20 minutes on the first initial story prompt, and they craft this beautiful world that they've put in, and you can watch the analytics of it and just see them spend 20 plus minutes on the first page. And then there are other folks that very much don't want to have to. They want to be able to relax and kind of have this cooperative story told to them. And so the broader point here is, I think there's a very large scale of games, and I think AI will fit in every single one of them, but in different ways. And the superhuman aspect will appear differently in each one.

Speaker A: I think this makes my head light up with all these connections to deeper thoughts on the nature of living in a society and the burden of navigating ambiguity and uncertainty, and how much of us truly type our own life decisions into the input box versus picking from a set of options that we have presented in front of us. And those options are usually just collected by looking at the decisions of your peers and your friends and family and the advice of your parents and so forth. And it's like, become a doctor, become a lawyer, become an accountant, or enter your own life decision here. And it's like, oh my God, these seem like safe options, right? If I type in some made up answer, I want to be a digital nomad, artist, musician or something. That seems like a way less safe, acceptable meaning now. It seems like twelve years ago it went to thing, right? And this is interesting. It's like games provide these reductions in uncertainty because they can best channel us as players to where the action is, to where the substantive content of engagement and the creation of flow state activities is going to lie right within that game environment. I think it's just really interesting, this game design thing. It's really tied to the same nature of designing incentive systems and designing the rules of the game for the interactions of people in the world is kind of designing the society we live in as well. Like this act of game design, incentive creation, reduction of uncertainty, how to get people to interact with each other in ways that are fair. It's like the parallel there, bringing up anyone wants to rip on those.

Speaker F: Well, one of the dangers of a text box is like what if I end up designing a worse experience for myself? I put in some shit and it's not handled well. It goes somewhere even with like, I know some world game, like Beth of the Wild receives of the kingdom. What if I just decide to go off course of the story and explore a section of the map? I might just waste 3 hours of my day, right, and that's like the other side, right, of designing your own life because you might fuck up.

Speaker C: I think the big risk there is that players tend to ruin their own fun by making the game too easy. If the text box allows you to make the game easier, then players will do that because they want to win.

Speaker A: Have you ever done this thing in the beginning of a game where you just go like grind, super low level quest just absolutely rank us and so that when you go back to the main story, it's just like way easier?  

Speaker C: That gets you out of flow?
 

Speaker H: Yeah, that's the challenge of game design often is. Players expect to be rewarded for their work, which is not really how in real life. Putting a ton of work into something doesn't necessarily mean it will pay off. As a lot of Silicon Valley startups know, like most businesses fail despite the amount of sweat and work they put into it. But in a game, for a game to be fun, the more work you put into it, it needs to be fair and it needs to pay off. So if I'm putting a ton of work into designing this world, if it's just going to give me a cliched generic response, I'm not going to want to play that game anymore. So you have to make sure you have to limit the player's options, because if they have too many options, well, I was thinking about this. Like Pacman, you have four options at any given point, but you have to have this complexity grow from a small input set and given an open screen, I think that scares most players away. You really need to think about at any given point, what are the options and how do I make sure they're rewarded, obviously for good actions and discouraged from making bad actions.
Speaker B: I think it's interesting because right now I do think it's missing. Like if we go super creative, I agree that there's a spectrum and some players want precanned experiences, but that's always just like, oh, someone else owns my experience and I just kind of follow their incentives. But the level of creativity of like, I own my own experience and I can create anything out of anything, and that's mine. I think that is missing in games, I guess, in life, even though, because to some extent I can make up quite a bit, but there's still a lot of patterns. 
Speaker C: I actually much prefer the former, though. I much prefer engaging with someone else's art.
Speaker A: Something about this art, I was telling a friend about this while ago, but I came up with what is art really in a broad conceptual sense? And I think it really is how to reproduce an internal state in another person via some shared experience. We both see the painting and it evokes a certain kind of emotion. We both see the music, and it's like the fidelity with which you can reproduce this emotional experience in someone else. Kind of. You get better as you have more interactive components. Anyone can watch the next Generation Star Trek tv show. Okay, I'm not going to get into it. We'll talk about it later. But my favorite episode has a thing where Captain John Picard bridge the Enterprise, cruise around in space. He gets scanned by a space probe and he falls unconscious. And then for like 15 minutes, he hallucinates a whole 40 years of life on some other planet where he has a family and kids and all this kind of stuff. He's doing these things. And that was a way for that society who had died supernova to share their culture with other people. Imagine a piece of art where it's like painting of the russian revolution, and you get a little glimpse of what people wore the time how much of an experience can you replicate via just like this one painting or a piece of music or a musical or whatever? Right? Now imagine a game that is also from Rick and Morty, right? Playing Roy, taking Roy off the grid. Okay, what are you going to do, Roy? You're going to go back to the carpet store after beating cancer? What kind of way to play the game is that? But I think that's like the potential in these games too, is to reproduce a fidelity of internal experience that is almost true. Know in some way, almost to have shared, to have lived the same life in some capacity as someone else. What's it like to not. It's one thing to play as a superhero that can fly around Manhattan, but what if you're just playing as someone that can walk and in real life you're in a wheelchair or vice versa? And so developing empathy for different experiences of the same shared world, I think, is one avenue that games can expand.
 

Speaker D: I kind of called this much better than I've ever told anyone. But the kind of idea of world dancers almost of like I view it as eventually as VR and these technologies, eventually we're going to get very immersive, whether VR or something, but where you will actually feel like you're there and in the limit, it feels like you'll not only be able to create other people's experiences, but infinitely many new experiences where you get to have the aliens that you totally don't understand whatsoever, or for me, I'm a big medieval fantasy nut if like I want to see magic and dragons and that kind of thing, or ar be able to do the same thing. There's a whole layer there which is going to be crazy with AR, where you get to start layering the world such that there's like twelve layers on top of each other and it's all flipping between them. 
Speaker G: I think to be interesting on the downside, as you were sort of mentioning before, which is that the fidelity of these things are so good that it's so much better than life as you in a way that it promotes a sort of why would I hang out with friends when these npcs who have incredibly interesting dialogue and can be sort of tailored to how I want to create social groups. It's so much better than actual people. For example, why wouldn't at what point does reality game become such a better milieu to be in than reality is?
Speaker D: This was like the main driver behind why I felt like I needed to cut off all my game usage for a while. So especially when pandemic hit, I had realized I spent so much time on it that I don't know. For me that was the very competitive aspect of like, why am I spending time grinding my rank in League of Legends? And it doesn't mean anything when I could be doing that for the skills I want to develop in real life. And so I went full 180, like total aversion and actually had very much super high disdain level of the games to the point of where I thought anyone spending any time on them was like wasting life. And it's mellowed out a lot since then. Now I'm working on them again. But it's like there is this aspect of I still have the fear of creating something that does pull someone so much from their experience to then seek a better actual kind of journey for themselves.
Speaker A: I think for myself, playing these games as a kid definitely developed way better spatial reasoning skills and strategic decision making and thinking, all kind of stuff. And actually playing games is one of the main tools used to provide the onset of dementia in elderly population. It's engaging your brain to work in a way that is training, thinking and word games, math games and puzzles, coordination, eye hand coordination, all this kind of stuff. And what's the alternative to what historically someone might have done is like, say they didn't have books or didn't have other kind of access to media, whatever. I think it's like, actually, yeah, I would say it's a good thing that I played games. Maybe I played too much by some amount. Maybe sometimes I could have played a bit less. But it's like, I don't think the right number is zero.  
Speaker E: One recent example we can think of would be duolingo, right? Like how they gamified the language learning experience and they saw a massive user growth. So I think gaming obviously has a very strong ability to help you learn things that you wouldn't in a traditional sense.
Speaker H: It's kind of interesting how at the conference that I met Ekaterina at yesterday, and you're there too, there were a few people who worked in education and it's very difficult to get game. A lot of parents and teachers understandably see games as counterproductive towards education, especially when you're talking about Asia. They're very limiting game time. And most of the time you spend playing games probably aren't educational in that respect of like they won't get you better at learning math or something, but they're fantastic tools for teaching, there's no doubt about that. Maybe not useful skills though is the problem.
Speaker F: Everything can be helpful or hurtful. Same thing. With a book.
Speaker D: Same thing.  
Speaker I: Even if it there is educational books.
Speaker H: It's kind of all the same, I think.
 

Speaker A: Do you feel like there's some categories of games that are more nutritious than others?

Speaker I: I don't know. I hate most pay to win mobile games. I think that's just kind of junk food. I don't know what you're learning. Maybe like bad lessons about accounting and your own finances. 

Speaker H: Plus expensive gambling.

Speaker D: Yeah, there you go.

Speaker A: Imagine someone built a really high fidelity startup simulator.

Speaker I: Yeah, I guess. I mean there are games like Moonlighter you just give a store. But then there's also action.  

Speaker F: But again, that can be even that.

Speaker I: One game can be good and bad. You could play it all day for seven days. You probably wasted that week or something bad happened or you played a couple. Anything can get good or bad even. I have friends in high school they were fully addicted. They stopped talking about other human beings. But there are others that talk them about gold. And one of them became a game developer because of that. The same thing can be good and bad even.

Speaker H: Or they ran like a guild and.

Speaker A: Now they're project manager where they made real friends. That translated offense. I'll be honest, I've had times in my life where I had a startup and it went terrible and I was super sad about it. I was totally depressed, just crushed. And playing games really helped. It really helped, man. Like just jumping into flow state in a different environment, thinking about different things. It puts you back in the driver's seat of making decisions, seeing immediate feedback, engaging with something that's challenging, that's rebuilding your sense of momentum in some way. I think this escape, in hindsight, actually came back from that experience. I think escapism can be a healthy coping strategy to some degree, when the thing you need is time to heal. Right? And how you spend that time can be either dwelling on the past or it can be engaged in flow state in the present. And I think the more flow state you can get can help you start to go from the past and look towards more of the future, right? 

Speaker I: Surely people that lose themselves. I had a roommate in college, actually, who, he had a crippling World of Warcraft addiction, and he was dropping out of school and stuff, addicted to marijuana. And he was my roommate. He was, like, in the next room. His parents were getting involved, and it was really tough. And his whole situation, he was a brilliant dude. So, yeah, there's definitely this addictive component to it as well. That detracts us from what's real in the world.  

Speaker H: It's almost another level of addiction too, compared to movies and books and paintings and music, et cetera, just because these games have infinite content. World of Warcraft, it has the multiplayer element that I think is super addictive. The social element. But even I get addicted to civilization four. I can play that game for a week straight easily. I can't install that game because I'll just lose relationships. Civilization, it's so addictive the way that it's designed. 

Speaker I: The next question is, do they hook you because they're close to being good? So close to being good, because in a way, those are positive things, right? Like, interact with other human beings. That's a good thing, right? As that gets closer to the Matrix, does that become good? Does it all come all the way back to good? Like, oh, I have friends. We hang out, and then maybe you're standing in real life and it's like VR and your hands are moving, so, oh, now you're in shape because you're running and dodging bullets, and it'll go weird pretty fast. But then you're in great shape and your friends, and maybe you're selling your virtual goods to people.  

Speaker A: Virtual goods to people.

Speaker F: You're genuinely happy. Back to the beginning. Almost everything that we do in society could be thought of as a kind of game, right from buying a good at a store. Maybe the social game you're playing when you are making friends in high school to climb the corporate ladder. Who is to say that certain kinds of games are better or worse for us to live in than others? And there might be some way of you like, prioritizing them, but I think to some degree it's more arbitrary than we would like.
 

Speaker A: So there's flight simulators that are so detailed, okay, some people sign in to play as air traffic controllers. I've read news stories about people that have landed airplanes in emergency situations because they play flight simps so much, because that's how detailed it is. Where it's every little auxiliary fuel pump to the flaps and hydraulic things and your oil pressure and everything is there.
Speaker D: They're like one to one.  
Speaker C: I once spent 90 minutes just programming the autopilot, like figuring out from the manual which buttons to press on the onboard machine to program the route. And then I just sat there and it flew the plane for damn.
Speaker G: Gaming disorder just go off. What we were saying before is like gaming disorder is account for maybe 3% or 6% in this world. Population was like 3.5 billion game players. 
Speaker F: Out in the world.
Speaker G: So if there is actual statistics of people who are addicted to games now, and that's only counted with people who are diagnosed, forget about undiagnosed, which is, I think they define maybe like 30 hours a week playing a game in the way that you've dropped out all the other social activities in life or other activities in life.
Speaker B: Do you think this is for people who are in general, predisposed to be addicted to stuff? So if it weren't for games, maybe it would have been something else. Or like games make you addicted. That's what I've been wondering. Because myself, I feel like I have discipline. Sure, I have played till 03:00 a.m.. A couple of times, but in general I feel disciplined around it. But I know some friends that are just like, I can't touch this game anymore or I'm going to spiral. So I was just wondering if there's something specific to a person's situation or things like that, like a psychological, behavioral aspect that makes them more susceptible to these games than other people. Would that be?  
Speaker E: Would have been something else.
Speaker B: I understand why gaming is a good choice for this.  
Speaker A: I think for myself, the times I've spent gotten really into gaming has been when there wasn't a lot of other good things in my life to really engage with and sink my teeth into. I think something fundamental to humans is the desire to be in the position of allocating finite resources, time and energy among competing goals, among competing activities for achievement of certain goals, and in the acquirement of skills and abilities and rewards from accomplishing those objectives. That is like the most general statement you could say about what do people do, right? And so this idea of leveling up and ranking up in a game is very satisfying when you don't have that in the rest of your life. Right? But the more I'm engaged with things in the real world that I feel like if I invest my time now, it's like compared to previous times, now it's like the game is the opportunity cost is too high, I can engage other stuff, right. It's like there's other things going on in my life that I get that feeling of reward from, that skill development that's solving a problem.  
Speaker B: Confidence, control. In a way, I feel, for me, the aspect of like, oh, I'm doing something and I'm getting the outcome that I want, or like a similar outcome or exploration. That one's what can game give me in a very easy way. It's like arm strength, but in the real world, it's way harder to do. And if you're getting negative kind of feedback from the real world, it makes sense to use the game instead. I don't know.
Speaker G: Even slightly relate to this idea. Alcoholism. A lot of times, as Jeanette, you can talk to people who are alcoholics and you ask them, can you remember your first drink? And they will tell with crystal clarity when their first drink, when they had it, kind of taste what they tasted like and the effect that it had on them, so salient to their being, they never forgot it. And so, of course, we were really talking about the nature of addiction as a whole. 
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker G: But there is a component of storytelling and immersive in gaming that is so addicting to people. And the way that Ekaterina says, just like in the ways that we just cannot really simulate as well oftentimes and in such a sort of easy access.
 

Speaker A: Professional gamers burn thousands of calories playing super competitive, super fast games. It's incredibly demanding. Saying I'm a professional chess player is like, whoa, that's like super impressive. But saying I'm a professional gamer. It's like, what the hell? Why don't you do something with your life? We have a crazy stigma about it. It's arguably more impressive to be a professional gamer than it is to just be super fucking strong. I'm not trying to say it's different about training your body or something like that. But those stigmas are going away though.
Speaker H: They sold out chase center for League of Legends tournament earlier this year. Yeah, right now it's still early. 
Speaker D: I do think there is this darker side to it, I do think, as mentioned before, that there is a lot of good that can come. Like flight simulators. For me, Kerbal space program was one. I knew absolutely nothing when it came to spaceflight. And that game literally teaches you more by playing it than you can watch from many college lectures. Because the idea that a rocket just doesn't go straight up is something that you don't really get until you are tasked to put something into orbit. How you make a space station, how do these things even dock? How do you get to the moon? The game somehow simplifies in a way that you can put a twelve year old on it and then they actually get a real one to one world model that can benefit them. There's this meme of took physics in high school, so knowledge of orbital mechanics went up a little bit, got a little job at NASA, so it got up even further, played Kerbal space program and shot up through the roof.  
Speaker H: I totally, 100% agreement. Just the tooling is making it so much easier. If you've used GitHub copilot, all the boilerplate it does for you. Now, they could probably make Kerbal space program just because they understand orbital dynamics. Maybe they don't know computers so well, but these tools can really help them with that. We're going to see a ton more enablement across the board where software engineering has been kind of this priesthood, almost of this religion, these are the people that can actually build things and everyone else kind of out of luck. But now it's going to be everyone can make the game or the app that they want.
 

Speaker A: Have you guys seen the first Matrix movie? Right? And have you also seen Dragon Ball Z? Yeah. There's a scene. Matrix Neo is like, or, no, what is it? Trinity is like, I need to learn how to fly a helicopter. And you just download the skill, man. I need to learn how to land this plane. And if you played that game for years or whatever, you would gain that skill. Like, games have this incredible ability to give you the actual intuition for doing the real thing. You don't have access to the real thing. And in Dragon Ball Z, there's this hyperbaric pine chamber, okay? Where you can enter this training environment where you get a year inside for a day on the outside time, so you can spend a year training your skills, and then you come back out. You're jacked as hell. So I think the strongest form of games is like, incredible skill builders is basically like some matrix hyperbaric time chamber for skills acquisition, where it's like, I have a couple of hours of free time every day. I want to learn how to become a pilot. I want to learn how to become a surgeon. I want to learn public speaking. I have a VR headset that's good enough. In a few hours a day, I can develop that skill. And it's going to translate. Offline.

Speaker D: Truck driving simulator now has ads for the players that actually play it to actually then get hired as actual truck drivers.

Speaker A: You think of a game called America's Army.

Speaker D: I am the US army.  

Speaker H: It's like propaganda.

Speaker A: That was a training simulator for joining the military as a recruitment tool.

Speaker E: That's crazy.

Speaker A: It's insane. Yeah. And now there's drone pilots their jobs sit in a building in Virginia and pilot a drone. And the M one, a Abrams tank controller was designed after the Xbox controller because the people going to drive that tank sure as hell grew up playing Xbox.

Speaker I: Actual Xbox controller, right?

Speaker A: That's crazy.

Speaker H: I mean, in a way that the Internet has already enabled that you go on YouTube and learn how to your car's oil. But yeah, I think these tools are going to make that even faster because now you get even more specific information like what kind of screwdriver do I need for this specific bolt or stuff like that.

Speaker G: I know a lot of department stores like Walgreens. I think Walmart has actually did commission a lot of money in job simulation. I don't know if it's Walmart, so don't quote me on this, but where you're actually having a new onboarding process within a case like a VR, they can make all the fuck up they want in that sort of situation before they put on to the top. 

Speaker B: They already have it in VR and all that. Like Walmart.

Speaker F: One thing I'll add is that the use of games to train people, in other words, to create environments where there are few consequences if you fuck up and you can try things out. This is just how people learn. This is how dogs learn to fight with each other. 

Speaker D: They play fight.

Speaker F: This is how I learned my economics and math in college when I did problem sets where it was like you have a defined objective and a set of constraints around solving the problem and like a set of rules for how to do it. And then you play around with these rules and see what you create. These also feel like minigames to me. Even though we wouldn't naturally classify them as such, I think that they're all quite structurally similar.
 

Speaker E: We were actually building something for the surgeons in a similar structure for Walmart and just training them. For example, if you want to perform a surgery specific to, let's say, ayota side of the heart, how would you go about it on an anatomical level? It should simulate the actual behavior in case, let's say I puncture this vein. How would that affect the whole operation? Is the patient already there before I even continue the operation? Or is the patient still at a stage where. And I can continue the operation and complete it by the time and keep the patient alive throughout. So you actually build that in VR, essentially, wherein you could actually go ahead, put in your, let's say, based on the disease. Because based on the actual anatomy, then the disease, the whole biological structure changes and the way your body behaves changes drastically. 
Speaker G: I mean, this brings up a really good point where gaming has. You can simulate these sort of high stress, high intense scenarios where the consequences of messing up is so great.
Speaker A: Exactly.  
Speaker G: They do that already for self driving cars, where they create these conditions to be like, the consequences of messing up is so great. 
Speaker F: So self driving cars are a good example, because at the point that I can simulate an entire environment perfectly, why can't I just automate the process? At the point that I can simulate the environment of flying perfectly, why can't I just have flight automation, which is kind of what we have? It strikes me, if you could create some way to figure out all the possibilities around the surgery and all the variables that would happen, such that you can create a perfect simulation of it, it sounds like you have all the information needed to just automate the process.
Speaker E: We actually spent a lot of time figuring out how many possibilities can actually exist for one given situation. But then what actually happens is the kind of possibilities. It's like a formulation combination, right? If you make one change in, let's say, operating on the hub, and you make, let's say, one change on the vein that is going towards the hub, that could actually complicate and create ten different, more possibilities. But in case you did do that, that would not create those ten possibilities. So your is where AI could actually help. Like if we had AI when we were building this, that would have been much more easier. But then essentially this is where AI can actually help you mimic those potential possibilities and steps and rather consequences of your actions more strategically and more directly to your specific action in that situation, in that time, in real time. And again, coming back to self driving cars as well, right. One of the reasons we haven't reached fully autonomous driving, or level five as people call it, is because you don't have that kind of simulation kind of environment to study and just the core level of training required to build something of that sort, right? Even level three is something we are currently at to a certain level, not completely, but even level five is with restrictions and possibilities. Even the Vemo cars have certain restrictions built into it, even if there's no driver in it. I was talking to this one CV engineer working at Vemo, and he was just walking me through how they simulate those specific hard code, certain environments, because you cannot generate that artificially, because that depends upon multiple variables that have to fall into picture for that outcome to come out.
 

Speaker A: In that I think they have a robot nanny that has raised generations of leaders, seen hundreds of leaders come and go, and just gives the exact right advice all the time on what to do to navigate a situation. And if you're familiar with. Okay, this is a brutal tangent. I'm sleep deprived, so my mind's all fixed. But like the practice of judicial law, right, is the interpretation of law to specific cases, right? And there's a lot of collected wisdom in the form of poetries and books from across history. That's like how to live a good life and how to be a good person. And the biggest ambiguity difficulty sometimes is how do I interpret these general principles written down 100 years ago, 1000 years ago, and apply it to particularities of my life, right? And then navigation of that ambiguity and the adoption of those values as it relates to the decisions you faced is one of the ways we make meaning with the stories we live, right? If you had an AI assistant that had the knowledge of thousands of lived human lives, that would tell you every step of the way who you should date, which job to take, where to live, what to buy, what to make for dinner, because that's the optimal decision based on your interest. And what's available is there any room left for agency in that situation? Are you even making decisions at that point?
Speaker E: But the point, you raise a very good question. Right? Like, do you have agency at the time? Then you can go back to those lessons that you've noted down or studied from. How do you actually live the life? Because at that time, you're not living your life. You're just following the steps that are presented to you.  
Speaker B: What are you optimizing for exactly?
Speaker E: What's the point?
Speaker B: Also, it's interesting, I watched an interview with Sam Altman and the new whatever CEO, and they asked, what's the difference between human and Agi? He did say emotion. And I think at the end of the day, I don't know how. To me, it's like, oh, I would maximize my life for some sort of emotional fulfillment, whatever that means. And I seriously doubt that the experience of someone else deciding for me will render that for me, even if it's the exact same. So the experience of deciding is, on its own, very important. Because even if it's the exact same life, if someone else decided for me or I decided for me, that will make the difference.   
Speaker D: I don't fully know the context, but off this point, there was this interesting thing I saw in regards to AI and dating environments where everyone kind of hates the swipe right, swipe left on Tinder. And these matchmaking algorithms, especially for me, when I used them, I always felt like, why would I want to? One, it just feels kind of manufactured and fake and there's this kind of prescription to it. But then the idea of maybe you could have systems where it still gets. 
Speaker D: You together in the same room in.
Speaker D: The same event and brings you together, but it's completely invisible to you. And so I think it's not so much like, it's weirdly enough, shifting my perspective to like, if you know it's made a choice for you, then you're going to be unhappy.
 

Speaker D: In a way that feels invisible but still shifts it, then you won't know as much, which has some, obviously, there could be some not great things there, but the idea of being able to positively influence someone's life in this kind of way is very interesting as well.  

Speaker B: Do you mean that AI will just kind of invisibly prompt you towards positive decisions?

Speaker F: Algorithms already do that.  

Speaker C: Yeah. 

Speaker D: Dating example, let's say if it knew that two people had compatibility, rather than just matching and saying like, okay, go at it on DMS, on Tinder, it would try to suggest you towards an event where they know that person's also going to be there. And maybe this is spontaneous connection opportunity.  

Speaker C: Do you think the invisible part is important?  

Speaker D: I think it is.

Speaker C: Have you seen manifold love?  

Speaker D: Or lab or markets love?

Speaker C: Well, the manifold markets prediction markets created a spinoff site, which is a dating platform where everyone's profiles are public and you can bet on two people's relationship, basically. So if you think you see two good profiles that would fit well together, then you just put down some money, fake money, and say, like, oh, they're going to go on first date for sure.  

Speaker D: I think it really does need to be invisible, because the moment you feel like you have a puppet master, it's like just innate to the human experience.  

Speaker B: I think you have to feel agency.

Speaker F: Well, so I'm just going to say, to what degree is agency and choice actually important for a well lived, meaningful life? And I'll ask this, what?  

Speaker A: What is your metaphysics here?  

Speaker F: I mean, there is no free will to get over it.  

Speaker A: Well, I think the virtuous paramethium, I'm just going to give like.

Speaker F: A really simple example here and then be quiet for a while.  

Speaker B: You've been like, entertaining this in your head.

Speaker F: No, but it's like, okay, you were born as a roman emperor, you don't have a fucking choice about what your life is going to be. You are a roman emperor. You know what to do. Right? Like your job is like there in front of you, you know, the population you have to rule, the cultural customs you need to inherit, the person you need to live up to. But what distinguishes you from, say, your ancestors, is that you are going to do it better than they did. You're going to do it very skillfully. Right. And that is sort of you doing it in your own way. Similar to when I play a game, I have been handed a situation to deal with, with objectives to fulfill and traits that I have access to. And then a bunch of things that I wish I could do in the game that I can't. Right. And what it means to play that game well is to play it skillfully. In other words, given what I have and given the situation that I'm in, there is a better and worse way to achieve my ends.  

Speaker A: Right.  

Speaker F: And so just go back to the roman emperor example, right? It's like this person did not choose the life that they were given and that they have to lead, and yet they can lead it in a better or worse way. Right. They can do so with skill or whatever you take that to mean. Yeah, I don't know. Or even with relationships. There have been friendships that I've been handed in the sense of people that I just met as a kid. And these are not people that I had a lot of choice. And yet it still matters to me that I'm a good friend. There's still a role for agency in a world where things are chosen for you. Anyway, that's just the point that I wanted to make.   

Speaker E: Appreciate the way you put the question.
 

Speaker A: I wrote down the virtuous paramecium. So this is one of the interesting things. I was like, maybe wanted to bring this up, it's so offside. But the extent to which designing gaming environments is designing social incentive structures to help reduce uncertainty in how to live our lives and have a good, healthy society. There's a book called the Republic by Plato, and he tries to design a society in which people are guarded from temptations, right? It's not even poetry. It's no music. Right. Because that can lead to bad, I don't know, vices. And there's this other competing narrative, though, against that, which is that virtue is a skill you develop in the face of temptation, advice. Right. And moral standing is something you have to acquire over or moral character. You have to train like a muscle by being exposed to situations in which you can betray someone's trust, in which you are incentivized to do so. And you learn how to be a good person by making decisions in those contexts and especially having decisions that backfire. And you learn, oh, wow. Yeah. That's what happens when you gossip or whatever, right? This kind of stuff. So games that can also, I mean, it's interesting. Games can be addictive, and they can rob us of our time and corrupt our incentives and lead to an atrophy in the development of a person in some ways. But I think they can also develop these skills and muscles and situations when our society is immensely abundant and there's very few opportunities to. There's very few times we have genuine conflicts of interest with people that are our social peers, where we're very pro social. Most of the games we play with each other are positive sums by nature. That's the game capitalism, whatever. But how do you train moral upstanding in people when they're not faced with these pressing dilemmas? Another Star Trek reference. Okay, there's this training exercise at the end of Starfleet's Academy called. Wait, the dirt bike games go by. Okay, yeah, we're going. We're going on deep end on this one. But Star Trek circling. Most obnoxious thing. Yeah, it's actually two strokes. Engines are actually much higher power density and torque strokes. Makes sense. Anyway, there's a training exercise at the NSR Fleet Academy called the Colmagov in Maru, right? In which people are faced with a terrible moral dilemma about how to navigate their starship or whatever, in which there's no right answer. It's just like, how do you save someone? Or what do you do? Or there's games that are impossible to beat. And there, the test of the person is, what decisions do they make in the face of an impossible situation, right? Which I think is really interesting. 
Speaker B: And this is why the military conducts things called war games, because you need to test how people. There's this thing in the canadian military, where you go through these years of training, stuff like that. Then there's live fire exercises at the end, and it's this kind of weird thing where you don't know ahead of time how someone's going to act in that situation until you put them in that. And some people just break. They have a nervous physiological breakdown where they just fail in that situation, and then they wash out of the military. And that's it. It's on your record that you're someone that cannot make decisions under fire, and so you will never be placed in a position of authority where that would be your duty, obligation. And that's in the context of a game. So we're trying to assess something fundamental to people in the context of a simulated or contrived example of a situation they might face. And we take that as indicative of whether that quality is really there. 
Speaker B: Like cyberpunk, for example, it came with a lot of unhappiness, but I felt like there's one. They had, like, side quest. One side quest. I think it was like some politician or maybe supposed to be corrupt. So the decision was like, do I tell about them, their campaign, and their life is in danger, or do I keep quiet? Something like that. So there's, like a lot of moral dilemmas. And the interesting part is you never face it in real life. I never face a dilemma to maybe do something that will endanger someone's life. But then, yeah, the trolley problems. And I think that's interesting in games and right now, because it's so hard to make them without AI, I felt like even cyberpunk was like very constrained space of choices. Still, it didn't satisfy my choice spectrum. So I want to see more of that. Like a game tailored to the sorts of problems that you might experience in your life.
 

Speaker B: Rather like a moral. Yeah, deep moral problems, almost. That will be interesting.

Speaker A: X risk simulator.

Speaker F: I feel like most of my education saying philosophy was like playing a bunch of games to see if you have what it takes to actually be a philosopher.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker F: That's what writing all these essays are at the end of, so to speak. Right. I'm bouncing off of that to say that I haven't played a lot of virtual games that seem to confront me with moral dilemmas that I might experience in my life. But it sounds like other institutions that I've been through have presented me with something that looks like a game that is actually pretty relevant to the things that I might do later on.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker F: Like a coding project. If you are going to become an engineer later on or something, just be.

Speaker B: Immersive a little bit, though. So you care. Because if you don't care, I feel like it wouldn't matter.

Speaker F: I feel like immersivity is not just a product of the medium, though. It's also a product of your headspace. 

Speaker E: Imagine if there's a game that you play throughout that presents these moral obligations or decisions, and just strategic decisions, your skill set and so on, in a natural, as a gaming gamified way. And at the end of it, it tells you what it has learned about you as a person. Would you be interested in that insight and then use that to further build on that game or something of that sort?

Speaker D: People do try to do this with the Myers Briggs personality, the different personality.  

Speaker C: Types, more gaming games, similar mechanic is duns knot entertainment games where you have to make moral choices as part of the story. And then after each chapter, it reveals higher choices compared to all the other players who played the game. So basically it just gives you raw data. So basically, you yourself draw the conclusion.

Speaker H: Is that like walking dead, that game, stuff like that?  

Speaker F: I think. How similar do you think people's personalities are over the various games that they play? This is really different, right? I feel like there are games where all I want to do is slaughter everyone. I see other games where I seem to respect the life of a flower.

Speaker E: It's very coming back to the social way, humans generally agree with the society.  

Speaker F: Exactly. So all I'm trying to say is, if you're trying to use a game to understand what a person is like, how much does that tell you? Does that just tell you more about.  

Speaker H: The game than it does about the person?

Speaker E: This would be towards the game that I was thinking of. Like a game that is, let's say, an over encompassing of every type of thing that you would want to do.

Speaker H: I think games fail so hard at dialogue and interactions between characters. They're great at flying planes, war games, fantastic at very. You're doing one thing, but when it, you know, I've yet to have fun with the dialogue in a game.

Speaker C: You should try oxen freeze.  

Speaker D: What game?

Speaker C: There's a game called oxen Freeze. Oxen freeze.
 

Speaker C: They put a lot of effort into their dialogue system where it's not like question answer characters responding to each other, but it's sort of like part of the continuous game state. And sort of like when you queue up an answer, you basically are walking around in the world and doing stuff while other characters are talking. And then you get these options to sort of interject. And if you press one of those interjection buttons, essentially, then it sort of like queues up that you intend to do this interaction, but waits for a natural point in the conversation before it actually adds what you wanted to say in that conversation.

Speaker H: That's one of the main issues. It's like term based dialogue.

Speaker C: Yeah. Tries to fix it by this. And also it has a lot of special cases handling these interjections. So the characters then usually have some sort of way of bringing the story back to what they were trying to say. And they have these turns of phrases like, oh, and as I was saying, or like, where was I? It basically makes it sound a lot more natural because they put a lot of effort into just a dialogue system.

Speaker F: I have one which is anytime there is a technology that can be so broadly used by all game designers, I guess my worry would be, would games start to feel similar? And this might be the case with certain types of game engines that are being used by everyone. But I'm thinking more like if everyone starts using chat GBT to augment the dialogue of characters in the near term, is there a worry that dialogue would start to just seem similar because it's the same fucking model generating it? And I feel like it's a case where it's the same sort of issue where today sales companies or whatever might feel like, oh, we have to get in on this and just slap an LLM in everything we do and without thinking through it very well. And do you see a similar thing maybe happening in the game world as well?
 

Speaker D: At least from my experience talking to big game developers when I was trying to pitch the actual API and services to them, they're very hesitant to even touch any of this. Their entire industry has basically still not even done anything in it yet. Ubisoft has a whole PhD laboratory called the forge that they have and they do great research, but none of it's gone into their games really. And so for me it's been this interesting thing of like they faced an innovator's dilemma essentially because they've created these pipelines and these ways of doing things. For the past 25 years that have been so set in stone, people that have created them have moved on that no one really feels permission to break it and try something new. 

Speaker C: I think you're very actually completely founded that in the short term, it would make games feel sustaining, especially because GPT is not willing to deal with certain themes that there are video games centered around.

Speaker F: Conversely, what you're talking about is it takes a lot of deep engineering work to build an in house LLM that does the things you want it to.

Speaker D: Right, and also is aligned with story and personality and all these other factors.

Speaker F: Right, my twelve year old kid is going to be the same as yours. 

Speaker D: Very much so. The text adventure game, there's a lot of feedback that the narrator sounds very similar between stories. And so across all the stories, it's the same narrator. And so people don't want necessarily the same narrator every time. They want personality for that AI that's telling the story, that's changing it up so that it's not the same. Like, oh, yeah, this conflict happens, but it twisted in this exact way. It kind of becomes repetitive, I guess.

Speaker B: That's a question of how can you create a story that's really interesting? Because if you think about traditional storytelling, the ones that are so good is that someone had this idea to create something really special where starts normal, and then they know exactly how to escalate it, and then exactly how to make the characters very interesting, and then the interactions between characters be surprising, and then have this really big end moment or something, and then just kind of like human knowing how to maintain the emotional journey in a very skillful way. I think if everyone relies on AI so heavily, we might remove some of that high quality experience.
 Processed Transcript:

Speaker H: I don't think it will change much just because the biga companies, they do become the generic. I don't like watching Marvel movies anymore because they're also formulaic, whereas I think the more independent films and independent games are more interesting to me, but they don't have the mass market appeal. So it's going to come down to economics, too.

Speaker B: Because there's these nuggets right now of really high quality experiences. Maybe they're coming from stuff, but hopefully they still exist, is my point.

Speaker A: Yeah. I want to say this has been, I think, the most interesting as one I've ever had, actually. 

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Somehow this is a God. 

Speaker D: So many.

Speaker A: No man before this, he doesn't say this. Before this, it was transhumanism. It was so out there. But this is like, I thought this was going to be like, chill, talk about some games, maybe go for an hour or something. But instead, it's, like, touched on literally, like, so many deep, fundamental truths about society, like how we operate as people. I'm going to write an essay. 20 things right now. I'm going to write an essay about it.

Speaker H: AI salon topics.

Speaker F: Were new AI and freedom.

Speaker H: Freedom.

Speaker A: Freedom.

Speaker F: Yeah. 

Speaker H: I was actually thinking on a similar free will. Like the deterministic life as my life.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker F: Like the nanny example that you gave. Will it be tempting to just have someone write your life for you, especially someone that you think just knows you better than you know yourself?

Speaker D: There's some cliche rom coms and stuff that are bound to be made from this kind of thing of breaking free from the AI. We already saw with Black Mirror, the episode, the simulation, or whatever. Not a fan of that show? Not anymore, but they explored the area a little bit of like, free will in that regard.

Speaker H: Off topic, but I'm curious if anyone had any game ideas spurred from this. 

Speaker A: I got really into this game called Rimworld, which is like a story generation game that is the perfect. If you can hybridize Rimworld with tiny town or something, that would be an amazing game.

Speaker H: That would be like a multiplayer.

Speaker A: No, it's not multiplayer. No, it's just this colony management thing where. But it's all about story generation and having people that I don't know have generated conversations and stuff. It'd be incredible. I would play the game for hours.

Speaker D: I flip it back on you. When you play that game, what do you find is the hook? And then what keeps you coming back? Is it just these ever expanding stories?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's the dimensionality of the decision. Space is so massive. 

Speaker D: What decisions do you have to make as the, I guess, quality of forward?

Speaker A: It's the same game of resource allocation priorities, time management, thinking, strategic, both short term, long term. There's things like winter comes and food stuff grows. And so the big challenge early game is getting enough food to survive the first few winters. And then once you kind of get to that position, you can now move from just subsistent survival to now building better stuff, researching new things, and that's the same. It's like you're going from treading water to now, like, saving and compounding, investing, saving, but then the challenges get bigger too, as you evolve. 

Speaker D: The colony, being a colony is like part of the overarching arc there you have to survive the elements natural conflict there.
 

Speaker A: And it demands preparation and resiliency in the face of unpredictable events where suddenly there's a random thing that happens and a meteor lands and it knocks up your power system. And then there's a fire and all kind of, you can get into these doom loops, right? Where some core thing you had set up all your food got destroyed. And then there's a raid and now everyone's hurt and there's only one person left, a bandage and they're starving to death. And now you got to eat some raw human flesh. And now that causes them to go into a psychotic break because it's so terrible for them to experience or something. And now the one person left who's needing to bandage the last people is going psychotic wandering. And you're like. So this ability to get into these chaotic doom loop spirals where you can just barely succeed or escape, sometimes through foresight and planning, sometimes through rapid micromanagement on a timescale of seconds in some combat situation.  
Speaker H: Back to your original topic. You could just do these for industry. So just pick insurance, real estate, blah, blah, blah. Then you just get experts from those. You get kind of the business experts. That wouldn't be as fun a conversation though, I don't think. But it would be, I think, very valuable.
Speaker A: Paperwork simulator.  
Speaker H: Well, I think AI how it's going to affect insurance.
Speaker A: Corporate nine to five grind simulator.  
Speaker I: Well, outside video game. I just read literally like suffer.  
Speaker H: My girlfriend works at eBay and every week she has to do some report about summarizing news articles or something. I'm like, why don't you use this OpenAI crap to do that? And then she never even thought of about it. And then she did it and she's like, you just save me like 14 hours of work.  
Speaker A: Yeah.  
Speaker H: Because these things are so brilliant at that kind of text summarization kind of stuff. 
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: No.  
Speaker D: We're so early, as in people in the bubble feel like we've been at it for like two years at this point. But then when you give it up to this example, people have no clue what's available. It's like we're so early in that Rio's not even yet to see the widespread effect.  
Speaker A: Oh, yeah. No, this is a wave that's been traveling for 100 deep ocean and is now approaching shore and is already quite high and is nowhere close breaking.  
Speaker F: I'm glad we're coastal.  
Speaker A: Escape from LA. Nice.  
Speaker B: On the gaming side, I was going to say something. We didn't talk too much. Is still the multiplayer. I think you talked a lot about personal, but I was thinking that it would be cool to create these environments that are very rich, but also you can kind of choose where to go. And then there's other people that chose this place as well. Like, for example, I'm thinking, oh, I want something like arcane style, a game. If you've watched the show on Netflix, that'll be so cool, like theme park something, and then you can generate hundreds or even thousands of those. And then people just pick their environment that resonates with them and play with others.  
Speaker H: I think using them as the director, like I was talking about earlier, I think that's going to be really. I mean, you don't use the ll necessarily, but using machine learning and deep learning that stuff to make the game more fun, that's what I want to see. That's how I envision one aspect of these video.  
Speaker C: I would also be interested in the expectations of AI as a storyteller because we had a lot of different tangents where we talked about AI being a narrator. For instance, complaints about the narrator sounding the same. But then also lots of us seem to be impressed with, like you mentioned, the aliens that AI could possibly come up with that are so out there, that are so different from what humans have. I'm curious, like, what exactly the expectations are around storytelling that AI can do.  
Speaker A: I put down on your topic, too, world building, which is a session for sure, world building sort of narrative creation.  
Speaker H: Because they have like, infinite ability to compress information. That's what's so interesting to me. It's like the whole Internet now is, I don't need to use Google now, just the interface is different now.  
Speaker B: How creative can go, like, some of these super edge cases, I don't know, because still there's like some convergence to the average test case. I think there's ways to make it really out there, though. Turn up the temperature story or.  
Speaker H: Yeah, completely random.  
Speaker B: Very random.  
Speaker A: Anything you learned today?  
Speaker G: Anything that I learned today, I'll reorient that question by, like, I have open questions still.
 Processed Transcript:

Speaker G: I'm still curious about the repercussions. That's the thing that just watching how games have changed miles around the world, some for better and some for worse. Obviously, having something so powerful, it's just like being able to just completely take you out of your own life. And that's the thing that I still sort of ponder a lot about the repercussions of having games so good, so good that it's better than life in itself. 
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker G: And creating npcs are so interesting or like worlds that are so cool that fuck it, man. So that's still an open question on my end.
Speaker C: I'm sure there's at least one person who RSVPDs to this event and stayed home to play video games.
Speaker H: People already escaped into these games and they're only getting.
Speaker G: But even so, to the point that the government had to step in, China would be like, you can't play this anymore because it's a corrosive culture in their eyes, right? And there are vast sociological impacts that games have. And again, it goes back to this whole concept of what is art. Art was a form of. In some senses it's like a lie in order to tell the truth kind of thing. But then you get so immersed in the lie that you are forgetting the concept of truth, which is life. And gaming, again, it has a form of manipulation technique that is so prevalent in storytelling in the way that Plato talks about it, right? Plato thinks that it corrodes society or corrodes the moral being.  
Speaker A: Actually, what I wrote down was escape from Plato's cave. 
Speaker D: One thing that's interesting is that for me, science fiction has always been a huge inspiration where there's this. It feels like an eternal cycle, but it hasn't been where science fiction shows what future could be. Science then catches up and actually makes it real, and then that enables new science fiction. And so, for example, less than 20 years ago, we didn't have rockets that could land themselves or 3d printers that are at scale or all these different things. And so it's like, I was inspired by shows where it's like, you see, for a while there, I was keeping to bring computer interfaces with the idea of being able to have devices that allow us to control things or give people prosthetic arms. And right now it's still science fiction for a lot of these cases, but soon enough, it won't be. And so it's like this fiction is kind of this weird dichotomy going on there.
Speaker A: I think that's a good point. I might end on that, too, in the sense that our ability to create these compelling, immersive environments where we get to change the rules of the game to suit an imagined narrative and step into this position or a life that we would otherwise not have access to, regardless of the frontier of technology and what we can accomplish scientifically and the things we build, that imagined world will always take place. It'll always be a brief glimpse of what the future could be. Right? In a way, too, it's going to be preparing us for that future in some way. In how do you war game the outcome of some societal transformation and how you prepare for these unknown events and train like a muscle, both virtue and your ability to deal with the unknown. Right. How do you get the hyperbolic time chamber skill download okay? Yeah, totally. I think we'll end there. That's been really good. I'm going to pause this. I'm going to stop recording now.