 Here is the edited transcript with the filler content removed:

```
Speaker A: Here, making friends, making healthy relationships, and ultimately getting to essence of who we are and what matters to us with regards to those relationships. 

Speaker B: Can I also ask for consent? I just started recording.

Speaker A: I'm interested in this whole AI aspect because generally speaking, I talk to friends here. For example, dating in SF, it's fascinating as a whole culture. We have some of smartest people here. But finding a match and then also having kids, that's a whole different story there. Generally speaking, the more technologically minded you are, there's also a correlation between that and being super on the left side, generally speaking, as a whole. And then I've come to notice there's also that correlation between that and not wanting to have kids. They think there's some aspect of the world being the world is kind of messed up. I don't want to bring a child into this world. And so it's fascinating to observe this sort of pocket, fascinating to observe this whole aspect of how AI can generate human help. 

Speaker C: I'm Tom. I'm visiting SF from Vancouver. I'm curious just about in the long run, which relationships won't AI replace. I think there might just be. It might just replace most of them.

Speaker D: My name is Silas and I live across the bay in Berkeley. I'm interested in this topic of how AI can help relationships because I have come back to the States about five years ago from being abroad for 20 years, and it is really shocking to me how disassociated we are in the United States. I think it's everywhere. How we don't really know each other very well or feel that sense of community as much as I would kind of expect. I think what I'm really interested in is how do I take the conversations that I have internally and externalize those conversations with others so that I can feel that sense of connection and thinking about where AI plays a part in that.

Speaker E: My name is Serena. I am building an AI knowledge assistant for caregivers that are giving care to dementia patients. I live in Calhallo, so not very far from here. I'm interested in AI and human relationships, especially from a capacity of how much more we can enhance our ability to care. What you talked about, the replacement aspect, if that does happen, what would that look like? More philosophical question should be what is the future of care going to manifest itself in terms of caring for our parents, caring for ourselves and caring for our future children who will be in their 80s and 90s and life expectancy right now is 73, it's actually I think 85 for the US and it's going to be much longer. More disease, including dementia, are going to be more prevalent. So that's kind of where my interest lies along with everything else that you guys have talked about. 

Speaker C: My name is Jacob, I live in Oakland. One relationship that I don't think is going away is that of the teacher. I've worked in Edtech and I'm interested in that relationship of teacher to student, tutor to student. We learned in the pandemic or that was reinforced is that school is for not just learning. It's childcare, it's socialization, and it's learning probably in that order for most families. So we're going to have schools, we're going to have teachers. How can AI enhance that relationship and reinforce it? There's people trying to create AI tutors. I think that'll work in certain cases, but I also think there's a big space for supplementing, augmenting and improving that relationship.
```

The key things I removed were filler words (um, like, etc.), repeated phrases, verbal tics (I mean, basically, etc.), excessively long stories, and tangents that did not directly relate to the core topic of AI and human relationships. I aimed to tighten up the fluff while retaining all the substantive dialog and ideas. Let me know if you would like me to modify the editing further.
 Here is the edited conversation transcript with filler content removed:

Speaker F: My name is Peter. When I was seven years old, my parents divorced and it was quite an ugly event that went on for years. As an adult, I've recognized that I developed unhealthy patterns and beliefs about the world during that time period. If I'd had someone then to talk to about what was happening, I think I probably would have avoided a lot of the pain that I've experienced as an adult. I don't think it's difficult to get an AI toy into the hands of kids capable of doing that. I'm interested in how AI can help kids have those conversations and improve their relationships with themselves.

Speaker G: I'm Robin. I have PTSD and was a teenage drug addict. Most therapists are not good. What I've discovered over many years is the epidemic we're seeing of addicts and unhoused people not contributing to society is largely due to emotional, not intellectual, issues. Trauma can be fixed by having someone you can talk to who makes you feel seen, valued and known. The more we can self-regulate, the more we can connect with others and be productive. Using AI to intervene because humans are obviously not capable of being that support can change the trajectory of human existence and reduce addiction, war, crime, etc. 

Speaker B: I'm Somya, a new mom with a one year old. I want the relationship with my daughter to flourish. I'm concerned about the implications of AI on human connection. The last decade we've created a social world leading to mental health issues and loneliness. I left my job when I became a mother because it didn't sit right that my daughter has a high chance of feeling lonely and writing a suicide note. We've gone from productivity to convenience. Everything is one click - groceries, no need to know your neighbor or have social connections, but our brains still need them. I struggle with AI disintermediating humans who coach and guide you. AI might give better answers but doesn't provide the dopamine hit. I want to see if AI can enable better group social skills and become a buddy for a group, making connections deeper instead of replacing them. I'm working on social skill building with AI as a group coach.

Speaker G: And. 

Speaker B: This is a tradition in Japan where anyone who talks holds a stick. It inherently makes you more confident to talk and reduces interjections. I think this actually has some historical bearings. Whoever wants to go next.
 Here is the edited transcript with filler content removed:

Speaker E: If we break up things shared into Solana categories, there's relationship with self, intimate relationship with one person dating, and relationship in group dynamics. Maybe we could start there and go from there. 

Speaker G: Should do relationship with screens. Relationship with screens is detrimental - AI is great, but screens cause huge mental health issues. Mental health is worsening and suicide rates increasing because human interaction is decreasing as free meals increase and we get more deliveries. Screens also mess up dopamine structures. If dopamine is released through effort - going up stairs, writing an essay - we wire our brains to be productive. But we now get easy dopamine through likes and comments, wiring brains to not be productive individuals but dopamine addicts.  

Speaker C: Two screen uses enhance social activities - FaceTime to instantly see family, a visual Sci-Fi wonder. And small group text threads for little connections and remembering I have friends, though better if forced to see each other in person more. I enjoy it, not that gross feeling of posting for popularity. So screens more complicated than just bad.

Speaker A: For young kids on TikTok - we have one-sided view it’s cancer, but it’s the greatest app. You can observe cultures and interactions. With the right search you gain huge cultural insights. I'm into fashion so I learn about cool brands - it gatekeeps information but makes it concise and accessible. 

Speaker C: Differences in is technology bad relate to consumption versus production spectrum. Writing an introspective essay and sharing is good spot. You describe a middle case - specific learning without creating public artifact or network, deep intention. Far side is passive doomscrolling. With AI, I'm concerned relationships will be replaced because scrolling thing is easy, path of least resistance. People will keep doing thing incentive structure rewards. But lens of production versus consumption can help tease out if technology is useful. Relates to training brain to not crave dopamine hits.
 Here is the edited transcript with filler content removed:

Speaker E: TikTok's got entire teams of engineers. It's not about if you want, you want to view it as how do we as individuals, an epidemic problems. It's almost like one epidemic of problems that these technologies are causing. I think it'll be fine. I guess to summarize, I feel like we're talking about three things. One is the human screen and productivity, and then the second one being human screen and really same relationship and then I guess just focus on productivity, which is. I think it's your initial question. 
Speaker C: But we do see a pretty clear correlation with social media taking up and mental health problems.
Speaker B: Well, absolutely.
Speaker E: We're talking productivity for now. Yeah. So I think there is clear distinction that we need to figure out how do we improve productivity? It's easy to blame like TikTok the world. But if we take away TikTok, doesn't mean that all of a sudden we're going to have ten more Nobel Prize winners.
Speaker C: I don't think productivity, to me that you could be a very productive worker and not a flourishing, happy human being. Right.
Speaker E: Productivity doesn't lead to happiness. 
Speaker C: Better than being an addict.
Speaker E: Direction and conversation and maybe we should talk about mental health then. Human screen and mental health, does that lead to mental health issues?
Speaker D: One thing just to throw in there is maybe it's just for everybody. But I thought the FaceTime thing was interesting. How many of us have felt more connected? At some point when we've been using technology, we've come across a piece of technology, whether it has AI embedded in it or whatnot. But we've felt like we've been seen more, that we've been heard, that we felt like somebody cares about us, that we have a deeper sense of belonging because of it. Can we think of things like, in our own experience so far?
Speaker E: I think COVID was a great experience because it's all comparative. It's not about do you have all the connections or not? Are you transferring all the connections on screen versus all in person? It's more about, comparatively speaking, how are you feeling based on what you have? COVID has showed us that we can have weddings on Zoom and feel just as happy because the alternative is versus if COVID never happened, no one's going to have weddings, right? Because the alternative is having an amazing wedding in person. So I feel like that's interesting framework to think through the comparative benefits harm. Same thing with technology. I think it's hard to just say good or bad or beneficial or not, especially as the benchmark for measuring that is. Carson.
Speaker B: I can give one example that happened this last week. I've been trying to get into strength training after my postpartum, et cetera, and I sort of have not been able to include it in my routine. And so last week I went to CrossFit after a long time, Crossword CrossFit. And I did not attend any class this week. And so my coach messaged me or whatever. CrossFit, Coach, why aren't you here? And I was like, baby'sick start up life is too much. I can't talk. And then he's like, okay. And then two days after that, he messaged me again and he's like, how's your baby doing? He did not ask when you're coming. He did not ask. And all of a sudden I was like, this guy heard and he remembered. And he remembered that my baby was sick and he cares that I come back and he's not selling. Right? And so a lot of times I see community builders who are natural community builders, but right now it takes too much time. He is the owner of the cluster as well. He has like, what, 200 customers? He must be spending so much time doing it. He has the intention to do it and do it in the right way. And not just the orange theory messages. You get like, hey, you signed up with an email. When are you coming to the class?
Speaker G: Right? 
Speaker B: Not that.
 Here is the conversation edited to remove filler content:

Speaker B: Can technology scale the goodness of community builders without them spending hours individually texting and reminding everyone what matters? 

Speaker C: Or was it only effective because you knew it was automatic and meant nothing, like Facebook birthday messages?  

Speaker E: It comes from a scarcity mindset because his time is scarce. He took that time to make it feel special, like customized spam. I'm getting 50 a day now. They're all customized, but mean nothing special just because I know they just send them out.

Speaker C: How can AI augment, make more effective, and keep that essence of "I care about you"? Caring is the essence of a relationship. I'm devoting something scarce - time, money, focus - to you because I care. 

Speaker E: Can AI really care?

Speaker B: Humans can care. But can AI?

Speaker C: Care more, or focus it somewhere.

Speaker A: Have you heard of character AI or chatbots that do avatars? Human connection is the end goal for companionship and population growth. But people are lonely, just looking at screens instead of chatting or going out. 

Speaker E: What if we used AI to increase population by decreasing breakups, creating dating apps that learn your personality over time and match you with compatible people? Better than just pictures.

Speaker G: Humans are bad at Internet matchmaking. You need to meet. But AI could digest your real energy and align you with someone compatible. 

Speaker B: I disagree. Data shows you often marry your neighbor - proximity is the biggest predictor. I married my classmate. It's the time you spend evolving together. Yes, some foundational things should match. But put strangers together long enough and they'll love and hate each other. Attraction helps, but it's how you interact. Gottman says marriages are made or broken in how people talk, not who they are. Matching seems overrated to me.

Speaker C: I agree.

Speaker A: It's a functional problem.
 Here is the edited transcript with the fluff removed:

Speaker C: If you had an AI coach listening to all your conversations with your partner. And then says, you're taking that tone again. I wouldn't mind a weekly email that just says some kind of summary of how I'm talking to my wife, because I definitely have times when I can improve.

Speaker A: The tone of that coach would be hilarious. 

Speaker C: Hi, nice to meet you. 

Speaker A: My name is Dimitri. I worked for Replica. I worked there in 2016. Did you find that people who used it a lot were lonely people who would otherwise would have not a lot of human contact?

Speaker C: There's a difference between helping people get preventing people from being suicidal and helping them be less lonely. Do you feel like maybe if we take the frame of this discussion, do you feel like it led people towards more human flourishing, like, better relationships to other people?

Speaker A: Maybe, yeah. There's this network called PI by inflection. Did you guys use it? I like that there's no delay, no latency when you call it. It's good at keeping a conversation and avoiding. I'll talk to it about what's going on in my life and my emotions and my relationship. 

Speaker F: I fractured my ankle, and I was feeling that. I wanted to understand something about an election. We were driving and I called it. 

Speaker G: I one time pretended to kick your broken ankle, and you told her you were talking to her, and I pretended to kick you, and you told her. And she had some strong words for me and that I was abusive.

Speaker A: She does forget a little bit, but way better than GPA feelings, for sure. I think they have their own model. Is the primary use case just general, or is it meant to be more for emotional therapy type of things? 

Speaker C: So that's neat that you worked on that because that brings it all sort of closer experience here. It's easy to sort of say, well, it could be a net negative. Like, there's more disintermediation. People get tricked into these relationships with a bot or whatnot, but it could actually draw people. You asked the question, like, did it lead to human flourishing? Obviously, you can't flourish if you killed yourself. So at that level, it's helping people stay.
 Here is the edited transcript with filler content removed:

Speaker C: Do you feel it helped people create relationships with a human? It was training for that or just getting them more comfortable with talking. 

Speaker A: I backed him out, it's like suicide dance. I actually bike fast. One time I saw someone crying on the side. I thought this guy was suicidal. My friend said those are kind of suicidal. I was like, oh shit. There's two sides where it's like, can you flourish? Your baseline is good, can you get past that? But there's a level where it's like, your baselines are make. You're suicidal. That's like, can you get people off that and to this baseline? From the baseline, then you can use NSF. It's fascinating because we live close to that, and I spend time in tunneling every week to see that level flourishing. But there's people that are right there suicidal. They have no will to live. Can we even get them to this baseline? 

Speaker C: If you help them get there, you're helping their whole family, their neighbors.  

Speaker E: It's all a system. I think the breakdown of our relationship with ourselves defines or influences our relationship with others, and the community. We've all seen people who don't have a healthy relationship with themselves, and that affects their relationships. Right? How can AI help people feel seen and heard? That's different than enabling them to be a better companion. It's a stepping stone. It's not going to solve their loneliness, but it makes them feel seen, even by some entity. That's why it's successful.

Speaker A: There's evidence dogs make people feel right. You don't need to be human, it just needs to feel conscious. There's research if something moves on its own, they will assign it consciousness. People have Roombas, name them, the Roomba breaks, they'll call and be like, it's broken. They're like, I'm sending it to you. They're repairing it. 

Speaker F: Essentially in that same class.

Speaker A: Research shows dogs are very high on the scale of what kids will respond to. 

Speaker E: They'll be more open to cryptotherapy.

Speaker A: When I was a kid, I carried a blanket around. Blanket was the emotional support. Today we don't have that. Now when we get less conditioned.

Speaker G: I talked to somebody who talks to Pie before parties for social anxiety, to prepare. He pretends to have a conversation with her to get ready to talk to people. I thought that was an interesting use case of building community. We built community online, realized mental health isn't great, now we have anxiety. AI is a tool to take us from screens and rebuild where we're not afraid to ask questions. Conversing with an AI is different than typing on a screen.
 Here is the edited transcript with fluff removed:

Speaker B: I think that's a really important point. But the modality actually matters, right? Because a lot of times these skills are learned skills. You can learn how to be vulnerable. If you've been vulnerable once, it's easier to be vulnerable the second time. And so if you talk enough to an AI, would you actually be less socially anxious to talk to a human because the AI responds in a human like way? I think the thing that still, I think is questioned my mind, is incentives and what the company is eventually making money from and if it's engagement or it's something else, because we are dopamine monkeys, because that's what Instagram and Facebook get paid for, right. And so how do we make sure we align the incentives of the companies to not be engagement only, but some unit of health flourishing, something that's beyond that? And I don't know how to do it, but that is still tricky.

Speaker D: One thing that I've taken away from this conversation that I hadn't really thought about before so much was just the role of companionship and where AI can both be a relationship partner, like an intimate partner, but it can also be trusted, like therapist, or it could be a trusted friend, or it could be a teacher who's joining you on a part of whatever your journey is towards whatever your objective is for self actualization. And I think the potential there, if we reimagined what AI was to something that was encouraging that pathway towards self actualization within whatever channel that was like partner or that's a mentor or coach or whatnot, to be able to develop a relationship. 

Speaker G: I think if you're referring to the same thing as me, it's. Uncanny Valley is when a human is put off because something looks like a human and appears to be a human, but they're not a human, and it gives you the itch, like the creep. And you can experience that when you talk to somebody who doesn't experience human emotion. So they smile, but their eyes don't move, or there's some small thing that the back part of your brain can recognize there's something wrong with this person, but your intellect can't pick out what it is.

Speaker E: And I've seen a lot of companies that are trying to create a lot of older people. They're not as I guess, attuned to those uncanny Valley situations because they probably don't even care if they're talking to an AI or not. They are not going to be able to care about the latency or care about how slow the other person is to respond. They may tell you, I don't believe in technology, but if you do have another AI, you don't tell them that it's AI to talk to this person. There is significant amount of research that has shown that the likelihood of this companion can increase the brain health and stimulate the activity of brain and the odor person to reduce the likelihood of his person develop Alzheimer's. And that's really a high ROI in terms of implementing this kind of companionship to this demographic, especially given how little and how much more benefit. That tool that we already have doesn't even have to be perfect because I think for a lot of younger generations, they can tell. Definitely AI. 

Speaker C: For older people, they can't tell.

Speaker E: And that margin of improvement, the benefit the RI for older people much higher. And on docs like, I've seen companies that are trying to create fake pets that can make sound and have real part of the pets that may be even customized to look like their own pet when the pet is probably dead at that point. And also an older dog is not going to be able to have a dog by itself sell these little pets or it barks.

Speaker A: How many minutes of barks do you need to train an LLM to show up? Like my puppy.

Speaker E: Bark like the moment you had it, it would just make.
 Here is the edited transcript with the filler content removed:

```Speaker A: No, but if I.  It was too hard to explain. I didn't have one coming back together. Are you guys doing the final round or something? 
Speaker C: Are we about to go to.
Speaker B: I can try to transcribe it.
Speaker C: We've had a beautiful but very meandering concept.
Speaker B: I can send it to you.  
Speaker C: You do not need to come up.
Speaker A: With a central takeaway. 
Speaker G: Can I suffer?```